I'm utterly convinced that large scale crime is our new normal and I'm terrified. The perception that the country world is becoming more subject and vulnerable to both mass shootings and acts of Islamic terrorism is very much real, and that perception is incredibly important. The media isn't just causing trouble and stirring human misery. This shit's happening in real time.
The two party system is bad for public discourse. In most countries there is at least one moderate and one more hard leaning party on each side of the political spectrum. This allows voters to differentiate between centrist and more extreme positions with their voting bill. In America every right leaning position on the spectrum all the way from alt righ white supremacists down to mostly undecided between the parties but slightly more right are all condensed into the GOP.
FIFA is more concerned with the money they will make from the games than they are for the suffering the games will cause or the games themselves. Millions have been spent on the current WC, and some of the poorest people in Brazil have been forced out of their homes to make room for soccer. The money spent on these events could be spent on better living conditions.
People who can't be helped should be abandoned, says Jordan Peterson. Such people only cause trouble to those trying to help them, he says. "Change my view. Downvotes aren't really gonna help in any way towards changing my view," he adds. 'I'm not going to give up on people. I'm going to try and help them'
Something like 1984 or The Hunger Games is coming soon, I believe. I think this because there is so much disagreement and inability to compromise in today's world. Many people feel entitled and that their beliefs are correct. This leads me to believe that a second civil war and possibly a dystopian like society is coming before the turn of the century.
Most seem to choose the neck, with two problems. First, it must be covered by a flap snap at the neck to prevent the zipper from irritating baby's chin. Second and more importantly, most of the baby must be uncovered to check or change a diaper. If the zipper rests at the leg, different story.
A national credit union system would be far superior to banks in every way. I can never figure out why anyone puts their money in a bank as opposed to a credit union. We need credit unions because they are ethical. With the rise in online banking and direct deposit, very few people need to ever visit a physical branch.
The word “racism” as I see it, is an umbrella term for anything that fits within the above definition. “Institutionalized racism” would therefore be under the umbrella of “ Racism’ To redefine the umbrella term “racist’ as prejudice the power to enforce said prejudice, is counter productive in communication.
There's two main problems in the society when elections come up in Spain. In my country a lot of people don't even care to read the electoral programs so they don't really know what are they really voting. People vote what they hear in the radio and see in the TV. Therefore it's bad for the democracy since citizens are not free to choose.
I understand that now and again a dog might run off, but I think that's just due to dogs being curious animals and they'll come back eventually if they don't get lost. As far as I can tell most reptiles, birds and rodents don't have a sufficiently strong bond with their owners that they wouldn't run away at the first given opportunity. I’m not necessarily suggesting that people shouldn’t keep these kinds of animals I am sure they live happy lives and bring enjoyment to their owners.
A lot of people seem to think that the goal of an internet discussion is to persuade the other person. I think this approach to internet discussions is wrong, for the following reasons. You can't persuade anyone to change their mind on a substantial political, philosophical, or religious topic on the internet.
The Confederate States of America was at best an insurrection. It was openly hostile and aggressive towards the United States. It doesn't make any more sense to have Confederate Heroes Day as in Texas, or statues of Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis all over the place that it would make to have statues of King George III.
If you dislike Jews, you have the right to refuse them entry to your home. The same should be true for a business. Wal Mart's policy of not hiring Jews would hurt the company's business. If a white supremacist wanted to open a whites only bar, it should be his constitutional right.
Liberalism is slowly becoming less popular because liberal parties and communities are pushing away people who are on the edge of the views toward conservatism. As long as liberals continue to push away people exploring their beliefs, more people won't take them serious. It's a sad battle of attrition, due to intolerance towards other beliefs.
A gameshow where a contestant at random choses one of 3 doors. 2 door have Zonks behind them Or just crap, something you don't want, and one has a prize such as a brand new car. Once the contestant has made their selection, one door they did not choose is revealed to be a Zonk and the contestant is given the opportunity to switch or stay. Most mathematician sentiment dictates that switching will yield a 2 3s chance in winning. I look forward to understanding why I'm wrong.
I don't remember being alive when I was a 2 week fetus, yet I functioned on some level. Why is a newborn not alive? Well, consider that humans give birth to the most premature babies of all placental mammals. We give birth so soon because otherwise the baby's head grows too big for the birth canal. Why does this matter? Because it implies that babies aren't really ready to exist as individuals yet.
Universities are a centuries old model for providing a series of benefits to attendees. Nearly all of these benefits can now be replaced by alternatives that are less costly and less time consuming. From the undergraduate student's point of view, richer and more varied alternatives are available in less time and at less cost.
The 13th amendment bans all forms of slavery and involuntary servitude except as a form of punishment. Conscription is a process by which men are forced to serve in the military whether they want to or not, possibly against their will. I don't really care that much about the morality of the draft but I can't tell where my logic is flawed.
I think people in the U.S. are afraid of math. I don't see the uncool thing or negative nerd stereotype in other cultures, unless they're becoming Americanized. Americans like to believe successful people at anything are just geniuses, instead of that we have to work and be incredibly persistent.
In an anarchy, anything goes, so those rich and greedy people could basically do whatever they want. And as people form together for safety which Maslow labeled one of the fundamental human needs, they will need to have ground rules about what is acceptable. Eventually, those rules are indistinguishable from laws as they are enforced by appointed people, and suddenly there is a State again.
The US is a poor ally for the Kurds, but only against IS because the Kurds abandoned oilfields of American companies in Northern Iraq. US has too much at stakes within Turkey airfields, nuclear weapon storages to effectively offer the Kurds any political support. The Kurds don't also explicitily demand the removal of Assad. All they want is more autonomy and their own region.
In the UK, handguns are illegal and other guns heavily restricted. I believe this is a good thing, indicated by our much lower gun crime gun suicide rates. Introducing more relaxed controls on firearm ownership like that in the US would have a definite negative effect on me and my country.
Many believe that it is best to pierce the babies ears before she is old enough to understand the pain. I believe that piercing a babies ears takes away what could be an exciting decision they make for themselves, about themselves, early in life. It also subjects them to a small amount of discomfort for, what I believe, is no benefit.
Self posts now give karma to the poster when they are upvoted. Some subs even rely on this, such as r GlobalOffensive using it to limit the amount of spam that occurs when an amazing play happens during a game. This also messes with subreddits such as whowouldwin, which I feel will now be inundated with clickbait and shitposting.
The beliefs of different religions don't tend to greatly change the daily life of the adherents excepting the especially pious. You get a better sense of the believers by looking at their actions rather than scripture. I understand and concede that if you are seeking a purely academic understanding, or looking to convert, the above is not the case.
I fear the biggest consequence of having Trump as President is that it’s going to cause more and more totally unqualified celebrities to run. I don’t want to see our country being run by TV stars who never wanted a career in politics in the first place. Candidates should have to prove at least some level of political, legislative or judicial competency.
I have a hard time believing they need a guy waving a stick to keep time or play an accent. Most times the musicians are looking at their sheet music or just around in general as they play. I failed to realize that the orchestra can not hear each other from their positions and a conductor is necessary to act as a living monitor for them.
I don't believe in any religion and therefore don’t believe in an afterlife. The thought and notion of death deprive me of sleep. I spend hours every night gnawing over the scary thought that, in the grand scheme of the universe, humans don't matter. It all circles back to this feeling of uselessness, like no matter what I do in life, nothing will matter.
The word triggered is used to mean uncomfortable or offended. PTSD is an extreme feeling of fear and discomfort in response to certain stimuli. People should use the word offended, and reserve the word triggered for people who have PTSD. It's like saying I skipped a meal today, I'm anorexic. No you're not, you're just hungry.
Assume we have a fairly balanced tournament, and we have 4 teams. In order from best to worst, we have A, B, C, and D. If we did it like normal, it might look like A vs D, B vs C, A vs B, A wins. But if it's close, and C has A's kryptonite, you could easily rig the tournament.
Kantian ethics just make too much sense to me to be incorrect. I am unpersuaded by examples that prove some unintuitive result because of Kantian ethics. These are an appeal to intuitions which are purely emotive responses which are never justified and thus have no basis in moral claims.
I believe people are taking pictures of pets doing ordinary things, NOT extraordinary, and then making up a caption that enhances the picture. For example, in my results there is a dog with a football. The made up title to turn ordinary to extraordinary could go something like Every Sunday I watch football and my dog can tell that i love it.
The average woman throws away approximately 100 150kg of ‘feminine hygiene products’ during her lifetime. Since 2000, Britain has set the tax on sanitary products at the lowest possible level of 5 percent. Many EU countries impose a tax of about 20 percent on tampons and sanitary pads.
Most people fit into a spectrum of very masculine neutral very feminine. Among gay men, I think there are much more men that fit into the very feminine part of the spectrum than there are straight guys. A lot of these behaviors are explained by social constructions. E.g., in country X gay men are mostly super masuline.
If I get a Home Depot ad after googling woodworking 101, all the better because that's relevant to something I might actually be interested in. My girlfriend says the ads are coercion and will make me buy things I ultimately don't need. I don't agree because I still will think carefully if I make a big purchase.
A common justification I see for American television networks making remakes of English speaking shows is that American audiences will be more able to relate to the adaptation as opposed to the original. I think that the general American audience can relate to most Englishspeaking shows that take place in English speaking countries. I don't think all American adaptations are unwarranted, for example a miniseries or a show with a limited number of seasons.
When did it become a bad thing to actually ENJOY a game? Why must you deride and denounce the very developers who gave you the game you are playing? If you hate the game this much, why are you still here to stir up shit in the first place? I just want to see a counter point to this that isn't someone telling me to give a shotgun a blowjob.
Men and women operate differently and it's a constant cause of conflict. There's no more justification for reading a smutty romance novel like 50 shades of grey than there is for a guy looking at porn. Even if a woman doesn't masturbate to their novels, that doesn't mean they don't get off just as much in comparison. Men and wormen just work differently that way.
In socialist circles, the narrative is often that capitalism is hopelessly unsustainable. I feel, on the other hand, that with permanent constraints such as Fixed income gap ratio caps Net profit constraints Robust environment and sustainability protections Socialization of all basic services Universal basic income And other controls, perhaps, that one could achieve a best of both worlds style ideal.
Cerebral palsy affects the ability to walk, talk and balance. At 23 he stopped applying for jobs and took up training to improve his walking. He now jogs for 10k a day and feels like a normal human being. He wants to work on his career and still want to live with his parents.
I love technology, seriously. I can video chat, play games or watch movies with family and friends hundreds or thousands of miles away. The darker side is that technological conveniences are often less necessary. What we need in life to be comfortable or happy isn't absolute, but is relative to our ability to endure.
The movie weighs heavily on the cinematography and strays away from any actual plot or substance. It is an intermediate form of movie writing and does not deserve any more than a Redbox rental. The movie is visually outstanding, but so is The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and it is an incredibly lifeless movie starring Brad Pitt.
Bodily autonomy, the idea that everyone has the right to control what happens in their own body, is a flawed concept. I would like to claim that if A fetus is a person with full rights, and A parent has an obligation to care for their offspring earlier than the age of 18, then bodily autonomy is irrelevant to the discussion.
I've lived in the US South for my entire adult life, and find myself surrounded by people that live in bubbles of their own belief systems. Many are openly hostile to any sort of change. I find that I'm increasingly predjudiced against narrowmindedness, and am perhaps getting narrow minded myself. Why should we be openminded and inclusive of knee jerk reactionaries who are bastions of negativity and hate? Why suffer fools?
Why is it that illnesses that a human would just be told to man up and live through are things that pets are put down for? Furthermore, humans are made to live through things many times more severe that what a pet would be put down  for.  Why is it  that illnesses  that a humans would justBe told to Man up and Live Through are things  pets arePut Down for?
Large protests are taking place internally in Google over its plans to potentially launch a censored platform in China. Disregarding arguments from monopoly which don't seem to be the root of the issue for those protesting, I don't see a problem with Google doing this. If China's laws on censorship are going to change, Google's search engine being either dominant or a failure will not make a difference.
My stance is that, a democracy, as long as it sticks to all the basic principles of democracy is always better than a dictatorship. I present my argument in the form of three main assertions. 1 People should always have the ability to choose the people that govern them. 2 A democracy always allows for debate and discussion. 3 A dictator who works for the people's best interests and not out of selfish motives.
Being a White Nationalist means you are a white person who is nationalistic. America is not a white only nation, you do not have to be white to be American and just because you are white doesn’t mean you are an American. Linking White Nationalism White Supremacy. It would imply you can be proud of your country and support your countries ideas without also being racist.
The show is overly complex and doesn't appear to lead anywhere in particular. Since characters are underdeveloped I am not involved and I do not care about what happens to them. The whole Red Wedding scene in the last episode did nothing for me. I wasn't upset by seeing any of those characters die, I was mainly wondering 'Why is this happening?
If you tell people that your kid watches 2 hrs of tv a day or uses a tablet for 2 hrs a day you’ll almost certainly get some judgement thrown your way. But check out this general 12 hr schedule assuming your young child is out of bed from 8am 8pm on a weekend. This schedule isn’t intended to be picked apart.
I don't understand why it is such a big deal for big companies, facebook, and the government to be tracking me online and storing information about me. Recently, there has been a lot of people upset with the NSA scandal but I don't think its that big of a deal. I'm looking to see why many people take this issue so seriously.
There are 650 constituencies in the UK, and they're voted on every 5 years. Not a single election in the last hundred years has been decided by one vote. In effect, voting seems to be like buying a lottery ticket but with a lower probability of winning and a lower reward. For it to be worth me voting, the question of which government is in power would be worth a staggering £200 million.
A Defense of Abortion paper argues that it is morally permissible to kidnap a famous violinist to save his life. The argument is similar to that used to argue for abortion. The author argues that you made the choice to be attached to the violinist, and that this is not the same as making a choice to have a child.
There seems to be a sentiment in US and UK that abstaining from voting is the best way of showing that you don't like the choices that you are being presented with. Even if a lawn bowls enthusiast doesn't see the Lawn Bowlers United Party fit to run the country, voting for LBUP contributes to showing others that some members of the public care about lawn bowls.
The parable apparently teaches us that any laborer who accepts the invitation to the work in the vineyard said by Jesus to represent the Kingdom of Heaven, no matter how late in the day, will receive an equal reward with those who have been faithful the longest. I claim that this parable, and this kind of narrative, especially in the economic climate and system we're in, serves to normalise the idea of inequality.
inaction is morally equivalent to physically drowning the child or destroying someone's food and medicine. There are people in the world in dire situations who you could easily help, for example by donating to a charity that distributes food to people in developing countries. The end result is the same.
Previously we use to see how people had to put in an effort to make it to the top comments. After that a chance that it might click with lots of people, but we see with the top fan badge,you comment already had a biased weight that lets it float higher than normal people.
The DNC is in debt and HRC made staffing and budgetary decisions for the DNC. Leaked emails showed that the DNC actively colluded with HRC to damage the Sanders campaign. The head of the DNC passed HRC debate questions to give her an edge at Town Hall meeting against other Democratic primary opponents.
A privatized system mostly favors those wealthy and employed, while the poor, unemployed, and chronically sick either don't receive care at all or are disproportionately financially impacted. One is government policy directing government workers to carry out the atrocities, the other is collateral damage as a result of the capitalistic pursuit of profit.
I was watching a pro gun video rant on the HPA NFA Hearing Protection Act National Firearms Act. The video talked mostly about allowing citizens to purchase machine guns fully automatic, as in one trigger hold would allow for the firearm to dispense all the ammunition in its magazine. I believe that people should be given a government subsidized licensing program to be able to own purchase firearms, just as they do for cars.
I'm willing to wager some money that within the next 15 20 years,Japan will get nuked yet again. I've NEVER seen a class of weapons so utterly doubted that does not bode well for anyone. And Tl dr Japan is finished as a financial power. So,Japan's replacement on the G 7 will be either China or South or unified Korea then?
I think that the only way for the future to have hope is for people to stop protecting the weak. This way, we humans only allow the strongest and smartest to survive, resulting in the betterment of our species. I also have this somewhat unrelated view that all the poor I'm looking at poverty in Africa should be just 'killed off'
The lack of a strong response to the European sovereign debt crisis has exacerbated this. Transnational lists could mobilize citizens around issues of Pan European interest. The most effective response to a crisis of democracy is…more democracy, writes Frida Ghitis. The idea has recently re gained some political traction see the fielding of candidates for the Presidency of the Commission by European Parties.
Transgender surgery is used to treat people with Gender Dysphoria. It is successful but some later on regret it. I believe that it once a better treatment, such as a pill comes along, transgender surgery will die out. So, CMV that Transgender Surgery is the 21st Century Lobotomy.
I just saw a kid at a mall doing tantrum way worst than i used to see. Throwing things,screaming like he was going to die,call his mum a bitch,hitting his dad and the icing on the cake begging a random stranger and telling that his parents are abusive to help him just for a toy. I know some parents feel that they should shower their kids with things but they should also know that they are going to get kushy with that sort of lifestyle.
Restaurant's website said it was open until 10pm. When we got to the place at 9.35pm and found they were open, we were advised that we could not buy any food the kitchen equipment had already been turned off. There was no sign at the entrance that stated the kitchen would not be open until then. In this country, there is a piece of legislation called the Fair Trading Act.
Based on Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff's “Growth in a time of Debt”, I do not believe that austerity as a reactionary economic model poses any risks to those Governments that have adopted it. I realize some PhD student found errors in the data from the original study, but do not think it poses significant risk.
I believe that things are pretty good right now in the US. Crime and violence in general are very low. Living standards, for everyone, are higher than at any point in our history. As such, it seems like the right approach to policy is to be cautious about fundamentally changing the system, because our political system is complex.
I suffer from a rare disease. The medication for this disease has been historically very expensive. There has been no advances in the treatment of this disease for over 50 years. I don't see how there is any incentive for companies to produce and develop newer drugs for rare diseases unless they can charge higher prices.
A no tolerance policy always fails in conflict resolution. Equity is better than equality, anyway. More advanced rules should be put in place, no matter how inefficient it would be. The only advantage of a noolerance policy is efficiency, but it is heavily outweighed by the disadvantages, of which there are many.
In 1996, my parents were offered an apartment on Central Park west and 104th street with two bedrooms, park views, and a terrace, for less than half a million. They declined, because the area was adjacent to a large housing project, and as they were planning to have kids, they wouldn't feel safe living there. An apartment like that today costs at least 3 million, and it takes up at least 8 square blocks.
CM: The smart people, the skeptics, the artists, the philosophers, the innovators, the average joes with degrees and so on have it hard, because they feel the weight of the world on their shoulders. In his world, everything is perfect. His world is filled with a sense of certainty and knowing that people who learn more and more don't.
The term TERF was coined roughly 10 years ago within a pro trans blog post. It's gradually gained prominence within LGBT circles as a term to refer to radfems who exclude trans people. I'd first argue TERF isn't a slur, since it has a specific, objective meaning, and is not derogatory in definition or in most of its usage.
The most common play out goes as follows A What do you want to eat? B I don't really care A Okay, let's get Italian B No that's too heavy repeat until properly exhausted. Most people have been in that position before and generally hate it because it becomes a guessing game about what the other person wants.
CMV: Trump's questioning of Mexican American Judge Curiel's impariality was not racist. John Oliver and Paul Ryan said it was racist to question the judge's impartiality. CMV: It is common for judges to recuse themselves for having personal feelings about one of the parties, or their lawyers.
Prop 13 amended the California Constitution to limit property tax to 1 of the property when sold or newly constructed upon. This is what guarantees cities aren't choked by holdout landowners that do not want to develop their property. Prop 13 also makes it difficult for the government to alleviate housing shortages by appraising single residential zoned areas as medium or dense residential zones.
Ron Artest went into the stands to assault a fan during an NBA game. Mike Milbury went in the stands of an NHL game to beat a fan with his own shoe. Both players should have had charges pressed on them as well. I cannot think of another job in the world where assaulting an innocent man does not result in a permanent loss of job.
TCAP is a real threat to pedophiles and a very good deterrent, since they know there's a chance they would appear in national TV. This model could be used for other stuff, such as leaving cars that are easy to steal as bait for robbers. Once they start the car, a hidden mechanism kills the ignition and the police comes out.
I am an incredibly paranoid and nervous person, although I have been working to reduce this lately. I read the news a lot with an uncritical eye and find myself frequently terrified of my death from political events outside of my control. I do not think this particular fear of mine is rational or in any way reasonable, but I still am unable to completely alleviate myself of it.
According to Five Thirty Eight Cruz has a 52 chance of winning Iowa with Trump behind at 31. With Trump polling ahead of Rubio the most common third place finisher he stands to gain the most. A win for Trump in Iowa will show that he has the support of the more conservative base while also rallying the independent vote.
"I see no logical reason to consider humans important outside of their personhood" "The idea that anything that’s alive is too important to end, while would be nice, isn’t possible for our species to survive" "I’m going to define a person as someone with Intelligence, Self awareness, and Consciousness"
History courses are taught by history professors primarily so that history students can go on and become history professors themselves. For the vast majority of students, History courses will have no applicable worth to them post graduation. Almost no employer is going to care that you can list the reasons that the Roman Empire fell. Why then, should I be required to pay thousands of dollars to take a course that has no real value to anybody with job aspirations?
Reddit's function of serving up possibly misleading headlines one after the other, all with plausible believability, conditions users to trust news 'they get from Reddit' I would like to see subs that accept articles to make mandatory if legal the text of the article in the post description, so users and easily read the content.
This argument will specifically focus on the suffering and destruction I believe neoliberalism has inflicted upon the human race. This argument will especially focus on my case against economic liberalization policies such as privatization, fiscal austerity, deregulation, free trade, and much of any form of reduction in federal spending. I don't think I'm well informed enough to discuss viable alternatives to neoliberalism.
There is nothing meaningful that a rational being could draw from nationalism for themselves, because it is utterly arbitrary. The cultural and economic differences between people in a single nation state are vastly greater than the average difference between two nations. Nationalism out of individual self interest is not nationalism, since it is not based on some perceived notion of shared identity with other members of the nation.
As a child I thought the universe was on rails, there was no room for anything else. As I learned more about science, I learned about these problems. Einstein famously said God doesn't play dice with the universe which was an answer to quantum physics. I don't see how a statistical chance in an astronomical amount of particles in one's brain makes one's decisions.
People who like to define themselves as travellers really irk my chain because they seem to think spending a lot of money makes them a better person. I know some people enjoy travelling spending as little money as possible, if any, but for those friends of friends who post pictures of their 1st class luxury seats on overpriced airlines, yeah you just like spending money.
Theoretically, voters tune into the debates in order to learn about the candidates running for office. They are also a chance for the voting public at large to see the candidates behave in a less scripted way compared to TV ads and prepared speeches. The live audience's reaction hurts the depth and value of this debate format.
There's been a lot of talk recently surrounding British born men and women who have chosen to fight in the likes of Syria for ISIS IS. Yet I fail to understand why this does not fall under a charge of treason. There have already been a number of attacks on British soil which have directly harmed British citizens and even killed them. This would fufill the conditions of a treason charge.
I posted an ad on Craigslist looking for someone to rent a spare room. I specified that I preferred to live with a 20 something female with no kids. I believe that apartment complexes and lenders should not discriminate, but I should be able to choose the type of person I want to share my home with.
The fact that my DNA was at the crime scene could be completely circumstantial and I would have no way of proving my innocence. The DNA could be stored for an indifferent period of time and I don't know what would become of it. Similar to what happened to Henrietta Lacks' DNA. It was used without her consent for purposes other than what she agreed to.
I feel like I haven't performed as well as I possibly can until I have done better than everyone else who participated along beside me. For example, when I hear people complaining outside of lecture that a certain exam was incredibly difficult and I found it really easy, it's a big pat on the back. I realize that I need to measure my success in terms of whether I'm getting better than I was before.
Pete Rose was a long time baseball player and manager for the Cincinnati Reds. When he was a manager he admitted to gambling by betting on his team to win. As a result, he got banned from professional baseball and became ineligible for the Hall of Fame. I understand that gambling on the sport you play is bad for the integrity of the game.
Sally Kohn: I don't think Donald Trump was bragging about getting away with sexual assault in the Access Hollywood tapes. She says it is sexual assault to grab a woman's genitalia without their consent, but it is not sexual assault if it's consensual. Kohn says Trump is bragging that his wealth and his fame make him so sexually attractive to women that they consent.
There is better cinema on that list than Shawshank Redemption. All the love for the movie baffles me, especially when I see masterpieces like Schindler's List. The Shining, Memento great cinematography, and 12 Angry Men amazing concept below.
Even if Donald Trump was an absolute flaming racist, I'd still be voting for him to ensure Hillary doesn't get in. I feel that congress would more likely than not be able to restrain any racially motivated tendencies. The common refrain I hear from Trump detractors is an accusation of racism. I've had shockingly little luck getting people to elaborate on those accusations, usually getting such non responses as have you heard him speak?
The cost of minimum wage workers will double, the people that made more than minimum wage will want there salary doubled to keep up, all the way up the employees lader. This leads to heavy inflation as the buying power of the dollar decreases. As soon as it is cheaper to produce in an other country and pay for the transport, companies will go there.
A hurting farm equals a hurt to the owner, his her family, employees, and the local food crop industry. A farmer knows all too well that his business relies on things like weather, micro and macro economics. When a farmer starts to go under, he's all over TV complaining about it. No one ever questions why a farm goes under.
"I don't understand why we should restrict the free market like this," he says. "If people want food of higher quality and have the money for it, why don't they buy it?" he asks. "Why would anyone think supply and demand can not take care of this?"
I'm familiar with the Churchill quote, but I don't know if I truly agree. A couple of my issues with democracy and yes I know no country is a true democracy, but let's not split hairs. Average citizens are ignorant of policy, and the results of ignorant people being allowed input on important issues is damaging.
