People with CMV should be separated from the rest of the population so that they don't spread the disease, according to a post on Reddit.
Google is one of the most used search engines in the world.
"The American dream is a lie," said former US President George W. Bush.
In our series of letters from African journalists, South African film-maker and columnist Tariq Zaidi looks at the issue of private health care in South Africa.
People who are more extroverted tend to have a lower IQ than people who are introverted, according to research.
Loot boxes are not evil, they are just part of the game.
This is my personal opinion on the subject of violence in the world.
People who use grammar and spelling mistakes in their comments are either not paying attention to what they are saying or they are trying to make themselves look intelligent.
As a child, I was taught that sympathy pity was not a good thing.
I believe that a fetus is alive from conception, but does not represent a human life until the 6 week mark.
Elections in Northern Ireland will be decided by a computer rather than a human being.
There is a link between the number of times gay or bisexual men are raped and the likelihood of having bad luck pre or post natal.
I've had more than 1,000 CMV submissions in the last 24 hours, so I'm going to go ahead and post them all.
People who believe that the earth is much older than 6,000 years old should not be made fun of by those who believe the opposite.
The prize money for submitting a CMV should be split between the winner and the runner-up.
Students from ethnic minority backgrounds should not be allowed to apply for places at universities in the UK, according to the National Union of Students (NUS).
I just don't understand the appeal of the movie Spotlight.
There’s a fair amount of criticism of how society values certain traits and people to the detriment of others.
There has been a lot of discussion in the gaming community about the use of social media to promote games.
I am a big fan of suicide, but I am not a fan of the arguments against it.
This is the most racist viewpoint I have ever seen.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo explains why he believes that women should not be paid as much as men.
The word "racism" has a long history of being used to disparage and put down black people.
I've been thinking about the difference between humans and animals, and the best way I've been able to differentiate is in intellect.
A CMV is a parent's attempt to teach their child that life's not fair.
I'm usually very progressive in thought, but I've started becoming disillusioned with the complexity of this topic.
The University of California is the best public university system in the US and in the entire world.
A lot of people on social media are saying things like, "I don't trust that boy you're seeing."
I am an army veteran and I believe that relationships should not be allowed in the military.
I don't think it's a good idea to hide the number of times a submission has been submitted in a single day.
When I was a child I was told that if you were to go extinct, the world would go with you.
I don’t agree with the idea that public areas should be gun free zones.
Cultural appropriation, or CMV as it is more commonly known, is a term that has been thrown around a lot over the past few years.
Here are some of the arguments that have been made in favour of the idea that God created the world.
As part of our series of letters from African-Americans, I've been thinking about the democratic system, and it is a massive facade, an impossibility.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the issue of drug dealers being sent to prison.
With the election of Donald Trump as the next US president, we asked you to send in your views on why you support him.
A lot of people have been complaining about my use of the word "fag".
I don't think pi is the best constant to measure angles, because it measures angles as multiples of a half turn.
There are a lot of people out there that think that having a dog is a good idea.
I feel like a lot of the criticism of income inequality in the UK comes from people who don't live in that society.
I believe that police officers should be held to a higher standard than the average citizen.
I feel like the government of the United States should be doing more to protect its citizens, following the recent shooting in San Bernardino, California.
People have been sending in their views on the issue of same-sex marriage.
First of all, I don't think it's a good idea to open the blinds when it's raining.
I'm a member of the House of Lords (HoL) and have been for many years.
I’m not sure if I’ve mentioned this before, but I think it’s a good idea to think about whether or not you’re going to vote for a Nazi candidate in the next election.
The world is heading towards a nuclear war because of the way the world is being run.
I'm not a huge fan of genetic engineering, but I do understand why some people think it is important.
"There is no such thing as an objectively right thing to say or do.
There has been a lot of debate about whether or not to raise taxes on the wealthy or lower the corporate tax rate.
I've been thinking about whether or not it is okay to kill a fetus, and I've come to the conclusion that it is not.
Twitch has banned Ice Poseidon after he posted a video criticising the site.
There have been a number of complaints about the number ofCMV submissions on the BBC News website, so we've put together a list of the most popular ones.
If you do not think that we are free, you have the right to think that.
If you're thinking of adopting a child from another country, please think again.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the issue of morality.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the issue of political correctness.
I am a big fan of the idea of breaking criminals down into smaller groups and putting them back into society.
I believe that a person can be partially responsible for their actions, but not fully responsible.
Liberalism is a political philosophy that endorses increasing freedom, equality, and opportunity for citizens through positive legislation and regulation.
A lot of you have said that you don't think organised religion encourages free thinking.
I don't like beer and I've never been able to figure out why.
I think this rule is dumb and protectionist.
I have always felt that donating to animal charities and causes is not as important as donating to human causes.
I understand why Edward Snowden revealed how the US government monitors our phone calls and emails.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the issue of animal welfare.
As part of our series on the history of the United States, we want to know what you think about the South.
I am not a doctor, but I do have some experience with drugs.
I'm a huge fan of Reddit, but I don't like the way some of the subreddits there are set up.
I'm not a fan of the idea of having to switch from one room to another in the same room.
It's been a while since we've had a CMV, so we thought we'd take a look at some of the more popular ones.
A member of the Lumbee tribe in the US state of Florida has made a comment about the tribe being eligible for federal recognition.
A lot of people have been praising the new Netflix comedy series The Night Manager, but I don't think it's that good.
I want to believe that love can be a guiding principle, because it feels incredible.
I'm not a lawyer, I'm not even pro-life, but I'm pretty sure this is a case of libel.
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and columnist Farai Sevenzo explains why he believes in freedom.
Education should be fully free for all students in the United States.
There needs to be a fine line of dress code in the work place if there wants to be equality for all employees.
I don't want to know whether democrats are more electable than republicans.
The United Nations Security Council has voted to restrict the use of Names in UNSONG.
I'll make a few clarifications about what I mean when I say "generous" and "kind".
I'm not a big fan of the idea of gay people being allowed to marry each other, so I don't think this is a good idea.
If you want to know why the universe is predictable, consider the example of a tennis ball.
If God is not a human being, then he would not be able to communicate with us through the medium of speech.
In the wake of the shooting at a school in Newtownards, Connecticut, a number of people have been asking me what I think about the incident.
I am an opportunist, and I have been labelled this in a negative way.
I'm trying to decide whether or not to go vegan.
I'm a big believer in quality rather than quantity.
The NHS needs to do more to help people who are suffering from addiction.
I've been reading a lot of posts about Men's Rights Activists (MRA) and what I've found is that most people think men don't have as many problems as women.
If you want to submit a CMV, please feel free to use the form below.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo asks whether the father of a child should be held responsible for the child's actions.
I think that a medical background check is a reasonable way to make sure that someone is fit to own a gun.
The idea that mindfulness is a state of mind where you focus on the present moment and are not judgmental about the world around you has been popular on Reddit.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo takes a look at some of the issues raised by anti-pouching campaigners.
Volunteers should not be allowed to work for free, according to the UK government.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what he sees as the changing nature of society.
I've written before about the issue of YA books being rejected by publishers because of controversial content.
I don't think accusations of sexual assault should be taken lightly.
