The perception that the country world is becoming more subject and vulnerable to both mass shootings and acts of Islamic terrorism is very much real. The media isn't just causing trouble and stirring human misery. This shit's happening in real.
In most countries there is at least one moderate and one more hard leaning party on each side of the political spectrum. In America every right leaning position on the spectrum all the way from alt righ white supremacists down to mostly undecided between the parties but slightly more right are all condensed into the GOP. As a result if a voter decides to vote against the alt right he has to vote democrat and is essentially supporting SJWs and because those people also vote democrats. This influences political oppinions and discussion in America in a really harmful and undesirable way.
FIFA has been accused of backroom deals for their high level officials. FIFA forced Brazil to change their alcohol laws so that their sponsor, Budweiser, could sell beer to fans at the games. The money spent on these events could be spent on better living conditions or these events could be held in places that can afford to hold the world cup.
The best thing to do with people who can't be helped is to abandon them. It appears that the best thing to do with people who can't be helped is to abandon them.
I think this because there is so much disagreement and inability to compromise in today's world. Many people feel entitled and that their beliefs are correct and other beliefs are just plain wrong. This leads me to believe that a second civil war and possibly a dystopian like society is coming before the turn of the century.
A zipper can have the fully zipped zipper rest at the leg or the neck. Most seem to choose the neck, with two problems. First, it must be covered by a flap snap at the neck to prevent the zipper from irritating baby's chin. Second and more importantly, most of the baby must be uncovered to check or change a diaper.
Credit Unions are not for profit and exist for the benefit of their members. They have never been involved in any scandals, and they are better than banks in every way except for locations. A national credit union system would be far superior to banks in every way.
Critical Race Theory does indeed deviate from the principles of colorblindness but that is not my point of contention. If one needed to describe the racism that has been built into the fundamental structure of things, then institutionalized racism serves the purpose. If racism no longer means racism, the term prejudice can not be shoehorned into its place.
In my country a lot of people don't even care to read the electoral programs so they don't really know what are they really voting. There's a high percentage of votes that don't represent the citizens, that goes against democracy itself. It also destroy topics and stigma made by social media and creates a sieve where manipulated people can't participate in the system.
If you hold an animal captive is it really a pet, or is it just an animal that you've got in a cage or tied to a post? I’m not necessarily suggesting that people shouldn’t keep these kinds of animals I am sure they live happy lives and bring enjoyment to their owners.
A lot of people think the goal of an internet discussion is to persuade the other person. It doesn't matter what the other person thinks. You can't persuade anyone to change their mind on a substantial political, philosophical, or religious topic.
The Confederate States of America was at best an insurrection. It was openly hostile and aggressive towards the United States, and was formed in part for that express purpose. It doesn't make any more sense to me that we should have Confederate Heroes Day as in Texas, or statues of Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis all over the place that it would make to have statues of King George III, or memorial days honoring Japanese kamikaze pilots.
In a capitalist society, it is the responsibility of the consumer to support businesses you want to succeed based on your personal ethics. As a consumer, your purchasing power is your vote. Put it to use. Our goal in a society should not be to force beliefs that are right, but instead learn to let all ideas co exist no matter how despicable or hateful they may seem.
As long as liberals push away people exploring their beliefs, more people will sway to the right. Instead of challenging peoples views, a lot of large parties have the mentality that if you don't believe all of it, then we don't want you.
Gambler's Fallacy: If you flip heads on a coin n times in a row, then next flip your make will have better odds of landing tails. Most mathematician sentiment dictates that switching will yield a 2 3s chance in winning while staying will only yield a 1 3s chance. Here's where my thought process diverges you start with a 1 3s chance to pick the car, so you likely will pick a Zonk.
Humans give birth to the most premature babies of all placental mammals. This implies that babies aren't really ready to exist as individuals yet. The only difference between a baby in a mother's womb and a baby being breast fed is the way that it receives nutrients and excretes waste.
Universities are a centuries old model for providing a series of benefits to attendees. Nearly all of these benefits can now be replaced by alternatives that are less costly and less time consuming. From the undergraduate student's point of view, richer and more varied alternatives are available in less time and at less cost.
I'm assuming I'm wrong because, I think, if it we're unconstitutional it would be illegal, but maybe I have too much faith in the system. If all those things are true, then the draft is a form of slavery and should be made illegal. I don't really care that much about the morality of the draft, but I can't tell where my logic is flawed.
I think the complaints and posturing are a socially acceptable front for anxiety. X200B I believe this is fed by Americans' preference for a fixed mindset over a growth mindset. X200B Please tell me why I'm wrong about Americans and math.
In any scenario I can think of, a true anarchy where there is no State, no laws, and no power structure only lasts for a little while. In an anarchy, anything goes, so those rich and greedy people could basically do whatever they want. Some would associate with them, some would team up against. And boom, you have power structure. As people form together for safety which labeled one of the fundamental human needs, they will need to have ground rules about what is acceptable. This can happen on a small scale. Eventually, those rules are indistinguishable from laws as they are enforced by appointed people
The US is a poor ally for the Kurds. They armed them and helped them, but only against IS because the Kurds abandoned oilfields of American companies in Northern Iraq. US has too much at stakes within Turkey airfields, nuclear weapon storages to effectively offer the Kurds any political support beyond weapons and airstrikes. Russia has bombed ISIS and the rebels, but haven't bombed the Kurds yet, and the Kurds and the regime, while not working together, have not been in open conflict. Having the Kurds as an ally would expand Russian influence in the region significantly and Kurds are historically and ideologically friendly to
In the UK, handguns are illegal and other guns heavily restricted. I believe this is a good thing, indicated by our much lower gun crime gun suicide rates.
Many believe it is best to pierce the babies ears before she is old enough to understand the pain. But I simply cannot understand doing this to a baby and that's why I am here. I am hopeful that the responses here will either change my view entirely, or make me hate the idea less.
I feel that self posts were so successful because they didn't give karma, which prevented a large amount of shitposting in larger subreddits. This also messes with subreddits such as r whowouldwin, which I feel will now be inundated with clickbait and shitposting. Maybe it would be better if moderators of the subreddits could choose to not give karma for self posts.
I feel like this isn't a great lens to view religions through, for two reasons. The beliefs of different religions don't tend to greatly change the daily life of the adherents excepting the especially pious. You get a better sense of the believers by looking at their actions rather than scripture.
I fear the biggest consequence of having Trump as President is that it’s going to cause more and more totally unqualified celebrities to run. I don’t want to see our country being run by TV stars who never wanted a career in politics in the first place. There should be some sort of minimum experience requirement to run for President, something aside from being rich and famous anyhow.
I have a hard time believing they need a guy waving a stick to keep time or play an accent. I suppose if the conductor was the writer of the piece being played, he could influence inflections or subtleties. I failed to realize that the orchestra can not hear each other from their positions and a conductor is necessary to act as a living monitor for them.
I don't believe in any religion and therefore don't believe in an afterlife. In 80 years my existence will cease I will become nothing. I spend hours every night over the scary thought that, in the grand scheme of the universe, humans don't matter, I don't matter.
After years of trauma, and even years of therapy, there are still certain situations which trigger me. It usually means I have a panic attack shortness of breath. As far as I can tell, the common use of the word trigger is to mean uncomfortable or offended.
In order from best to worst, we have A, B, C, and D. If we did it like normal, it might look like A vs D, B vs C, A vs B, A wins. But let's say we want B to win, and we know that C has some strategy that's effective against A. Then it might look like A vs C, B vs D, C vs B, B wins.
Kantian ethics starts out with the assumption that we must use reason logic. If we must be rational we must universalize our maxims. Sidenote I am unpersuaded by examples that prove some unintuitive result because of Kantian ethics like the Nazi example.
I just saw a picture of a dog with a towel thing in it's mouth. Boring and mundane on It's own. The caption however went something like I made a loud noise in the middle of the night and my good boye brought me something to calm down. I believe people are taking pictures of pets doing ordinary things, NOT extraordinary, and then making up a caption that enhances the picture beyond what it originally was.
Tampons and pads didn't appear in the market until 1933 by Tampax. Britain has set the tax on sanitary products at the lowest possible level of 5 percent. Many EU countries impose a tax of about 20 percent on tampons and sanitary pads.
Some american indian tribes had 4 genders. they translate to manly man, manly woman, female woman and female man. I believe most people fit into this spectrum somehow. You can also view it as a spectrum of very masculine neutral very feminine.
I would rather get relevant ads catered to my interests behavior than random ads that don't even apply to me like make up ads, since I'm a guy. My girlfriend says the ads are coercion and will make me buy things I ultimately don't need, and that tailored versions do this more effectively. To me, most advertisements are the company's way of getting the word out about a product or service they offer that I may not know about otherwise.
I think that the general American audience can relate to most English speaking shows that take place in English speaking countries as well as they can to most American produced shows. I don't think all American adaptations are unwarranted, for example a miniseries or a show with a limited number of seasons then adapting it so that a network can extend its run is fine. Many American remakes though, such as the Inbetweeners, Skins, and Gracepoint, and the upcoming adaptation of the Australian series The Slap are not needed for the general American.
When the gaming world took a turn for the multiplayer and the MMORPG, people started to become cynical, bitter, and paranoid about any new feature or hotfix. Everything is always about arguing and negativity, either at the developers themselves or, barring anything to argue about, they EAT EACH OTHER. White knights, as they are called, are not inherently bad, in my opinion. They can offer constructive criticism, they can point out the positives in the new content or game, they can express their love for the design or gameplay aspects.
There's no more justification for reading a smutty romance novel than there is for a guy looking at porn. And I don't want to hear anything about masturbation because even if a woman doesn't masturbate to their novels, that doesn't mean they don't get off just as much in comparison.
In socialist circles, the narrative is often that capitalism is hopelessly unsustainable. I feel, on the other hand, that with permanent constraints such as Fixed income gap ratio caps Net profit constraints. I'm most interested in hearing from staunch socialists.
I stopped applying for jobs even the formal requirement of strong communication skills scared me to death. I made it a personal mission to improve my walking and my speech. I now want to work on my career and still want to live with my parents.
I love technology, seriously. I can video chat, play games or watch movies with family and friends hundreds or thousands of miles away. The darker side is that technological conveniences are often less necessary. What we need in life to be comfortable or happy isn't absolute, but is relative to our ability to endure.
The Shape of Water plays on to the basic beauty and the beast trope. The movie weighs heavily on the cinematography and strays away from any actual plot or substance. It is an intermediate form of movie writing and does not deserve any more than a Redbox rental.
Bodily autonomy, the idea that everyone has the right to control what happens in their own body, even if it results in a person's death, is a flawed concept. The basic claim behind the bodily autonomy argument is that even if a fetus were considered a full person with rights, it would still be ethical to abort him. A more persuasive argument for abortion would be Jeremy Singer's utilitarian argument A fetus has far less consciousness than a living mother.
I find that I'm increasingly predjudiced against narrowmindedness, and am perhaps getting narrow minded in that regard myself. Why should we be openminded and inclusive of knee jerk reactionaries who are bastions of negativity and hate?
Why is it that illnesses that a human would just be told to man up and live through are things that pets are put down for?
Protests are taking place internally in Google over its plans to potentially launch a censored platform in China. Google has problems, but I don't think one of them is an ethical one stemming from conforming to Chinese law. People seem to be objecting to China itself, but stifling US businesses when China will have no qualms about letting its own domestic companies flourish seems short sighted.
People should always have the ability to choose the people that govern them. A democracy always allows for debate and discussion. True democracy allows for debate, therefore that acts as insurance against bad decisions.
There is no White Nation. You can’t be nationalistic about a country that doesn’t exist. Being proud of your nation is not racist because otherwise that would imply that non white people are not Americans.
I like the first season of both shows but after that both got less and less interesting. The whole Red Wedding scene in the last episode did nothing for me. I wasn't upset by seeing any of those characters die, I was mainly wondering 'Why is this happening?
This schedule isn’t intended to be picked apart with comments like there’s no way that breakfast time lasts an hour or that I’m missing a key part of a kid’s schedule like bath time. I could probably even argue that pushing it to 3 total hrs of screen time in the above schedule still gives the child plenty of time for the other activities. And yes I get that it would be just as good to take one of those hours and make it 2 hrs of book reading instead of one, but I am just not seeing 2 hrs of screen time be as detrimental to a child as we are
I don't understand why it is such a big deal for big companies facebook,google government to be tracking me online and storing information about me. I'm looking to see why many people take this issue so seriously and why I should.
There are 650 constituencies in the UK and they're voted on every 5 years. In the last hundred years, that adds up to roughly 13000. In effect, the question is what I would pay to change which party is in power. For it to be worth me voting, the question of which government is in power would need to be worth a somewhat staggering £200 million.
It seems to me to be an invalid argument for abortion. As the analogy is being drawn to pregnancy, unlike in this thought experiment you still are making a choice when engaging in the act of procreation.
I feel like many people who abstain from voting need to look past the most popular options. Even if a lawn bowls enthusiast doesn't see the Lawn Bowlers United Party fit to run the country, voting for LBUP contributes to showing others that some members of the public care about lawn bowls. I oppose the influence of lobbyists in politics but that's a separate issue.
The parable apparently teaches us that any laborer who accepts the invitation to the work in the vineyard said by Jesus to represent the Kingdom of Heaven, will receive an equal reward with those who have been faithful the longest. I claim that this parable, and this kind of narrative, serves to normalise the idea of inequality and make people more agreeable and thankful for receiving any payment whatsoever.
inaction in each of these situations is morally equivalent to physically drowning the child or destroying someone's food and medicine. I think inaction in each of these situations is morally equivalent to physically drowning the child or destroying someone's food and medicine.
Previously we use to see how people had to put in an effort to make it to the top comments. It had to be perfectly timed and well put. After that a chance that it might click with lots of people, but we see with the top fan badge,you comment already had a biased weight that lets it float higher than normal people coming to interact with the post.
HRC basically owned the DNC due to making them a loan to get them out of debt that required that she make staffing and budgetary decisions for the DNC. There are leaked emails going back that showed talk amongst senior staffers that they had already decided who the 2016 candidate was going to be. The head of the DNC actively passed HRC debate questions to give her an edge at Town Hall meeting against other Democratic primary opponents.
A privatized system mostly favors those wealthy and employed. The poor, unemployed, and chronically sick either don't receive care at all or are disproportionately financially impacted. I believe the situations are comparable when espousing scientific progress at the cost of the lower class as a merit of privatized healthcare.
I was watching a pro gun video rant on the HPA NFA Hearing Protection Act National Firearms Act. The video talked mostly about allowing citizens to purchase machine guns fully automatic. There should be a requirement to know how to handle a gun before being able to purchase one.
Japan still has this We did nothing wrong mentality towards WWII,unlike Germany which is something that pisses off China and the Koreas to no end. Japan's replacement on the G 7 will be either China or South or unified Korea then? Japan's replacement on the G 7 will be either China or South or unified Korea then?
I think that the only way for the future to have hope is for people to stop protecting the weak. I also have this somewhat unrelated view that all the poor I'm looking at poverty in Africa should be just 'killed off' Also, we get lots of land from the space occupied by the poor and nearly no one will be born into poverty anymore.
Transnational lists could mobilize citizens around issues of Pan European interest. Disregarding cross border alignments has played a big role in the rise of populism. The only way out of populism is to allow European citizens to engage politically with one another across borders.
I believe that once we are able to find a safer and less extreme treatment for this illness, that Transgender Surgery will go the way of the Lobotomy. The Lobotomy was hailed as a safer and much more ethical way of curing the mentally ill. Even getting a Nobel Prize. But, when the 50's came around, the rise of Anti psychotic medicine spelled the demise of the lobotomy. I am not saying this, as a way to shame people who did get the change. I am just saying that, we will likely find a cure in the future as technology gets better.
I just saw a kid at a mall doing tantrum way worst than i used to see. I know some parents feel that they should shower their kids with things but they should also know that they are going to get kushy with that sort of lifestyle and would throw a fit if denied.
Restaurant's website said they were open until 10pm when we got to the place at 9.35pm and found they were open. We were advised that we could not buy any food the kitchen equipment had already been turned off and they had begun cleaning since they closed at 10pm. In this country, there is a piece of legislation called the Fair Trading Act, which protects consumers from things like fraud or false advertising.
I do not believe that austerity as a reactionary economic model poses any risks to those Governments that have adopted it. I realize some PhD student found errors in the data from the original study, but do not think it poses significant risk.
Crime and violence in general are very low. Living standards, for everyone, are higher than at any point in our history. It seems like the right approach to policy is to be cautious about fundamentally changing the system. Any novel counter argument that I find merit in will be awarded a delta.
There are at least 5 6 major pharmaceutical companies making drugs for rare diseases. If companies could only sell these drugs at barely profitable margins I cannot imagine that there would be any advances in R D for this disease. I understand how this kind of price hike can make healthcare and insurance more expensive for everyone else, but it is not necessarily a bad thing for those who suffer from the specific disease itself so long as they preserve their access to it.
A no tolerance policy always fails in conflict resolution. The only advantage of a no tolerance policy is efficiency. Equity is better than equality, anyway.
From the mid 60's to mid 80's even really until the late 90's the neighborhood wasn't so nice. Because of that, real estate in the area, even seemingly beautiful apartments, were very cheap. Now that the area has risen to a high plateau on the real estate market, the city should knock down projects like that.
The smart people, the skeptics, the artists, the philosophers, the innovators, the average joes with degrees have it hard, because they feel the weight of the world on their shoulders. Our world consists of ISIS, pollution, global warming, famine, destruction of the environment, poverty, the uncertainty of our future, uncertainty of the afterlife. We are the ones curled up in our beds having existential breakdowns and working 60 hours to get a better house.
The term TERF was coined roughly 10 years ago within a pro trans blog post. It's gradually gained prominence within LGBT circles as a term to refer to radfems who exclude trans people.
The bane of indecisive people is picking where to go for food, especially for a couple. The most common play out goes as follows A What do you want to eat? B I don't really care A Okay, let's get Italian B No that's too heavy repeat until properly exhausted. Rather than being the player solving the riddle, the one who says Don't care simply wants to release themselves of the burden to be considerate of others.
John Oliver called Trump's questioning of Curiel's impariality the dictionary definition of racism. Paul Ryan said almost exactly the same thing around the time of Trump's comments. I do not think, in any case, that potential conflicts of interest should automatically disqualify anyone for anything.
Prop 13 amended the California Constitution to limit property tax to 1 of the property when sold or newly constructed upon. While the government will not force the farmer off of his lot, Uncle Sam incentives the farmer to sell to developers by making the property tax too burdensome for his current use of the land. Imagine if lower Manhattan still had a couple single residential houses in the midst of commercial skyscrapers Prop 13 amended the California Constitution to limit property tax to 1 of the property when sold or newly constructed upon.
Ron Artest went into the stands to assault a fan during an NBA game. Mike Milbury went into the stands of an NHL game to beat a fan with his own shoe. Both players should have had charges pressed on them as well.
TCAP is a real threat to pedophiles and a very good deterrent. I think hundreds or even thousands of people won't ever act on their impulses because of TCAP. This model could be used for other stuff, such as leaving cars that are easy to steal as bait for robbers.
I am an incredibly paranoid and nervous person, although I have been working to reduce this lately. Previously I had an immense fear that threats with North Korea would spiral to the point of nuclear war that could threaten the world. In a hypothetical scandal say, his ties to Russia are proven some other thing that is undeniably true without a shadow of a doubt. Trump is confronted with his crimes and will be forced to resign get impeached go to jail within a small time frame, going down in a way that makes it impossible for him to get out. Due to his personality and unpredictable behavior, he
A win for Trump in Iowa will show that he has the support of the more conservative base while also rallying the independent vote in NH. Similar to Sanders' Trump will likely rally the voters without a college degree in Iowa, who are under represented in polls, and win the state. The other 45 35 chance comes if Cruz wins Iowa and Rubio somehow manages to win NH then I think we have a Rubio victory.
Personhood can be defined in different ways, but I’m going to define a person as someone with Intelligence, Self awareness, and Consciousness. The problem with this is that people have a built in idea that human life is important. It makes sense that we have it, it makes animals in the same species help each other and thus helps prevent extinction. But this is getting in the way of our new ability of being able to think of better more efficient ways of things.
I realize now that I should have searched the subreddit for similar posts before I made a submission, but I consider that a minor mistake. For the vast majority of students, History courses will have no applicable worth to them post graduation. Almost no employer is going to care that you can list the reasons that the Roman Empire fell.
I don't believe most Redditors are reading any of the article. I would like to see subs that accept articles to make mandatory if legal the text of the article in the post description.
This argument will specifically focus on the suffering and destruction I believe neoliberalism has inflicted upon the human race. I don't think I'm well informed enough to discuss viable alternatives to neoliberalism, I'm certain that I possess good grounds to argue my case against neoliberalism. Please make certain that your arguments focus on the veracity of whether or not neoliberalism has done more harm than good for mankind.
Nations' borders are arbitrary. Cultural and economic differences between people in a single nation state are vastly greater than the average difference between two nations. Nationalism out of economic or other self interest of the entire in group i.e. the nation acting in self interest is arbitrary.
Since I was little, learning the way the universe worked the law of cause and effect, thinking about determinism. I didn't know it was an hypothesis, and I didn't have a name for it but I thought that someone probably had thought of it. I just called it the universe being on rails, there was no room for anything else. I learned that Einstein famously said God doesn't play dice with the universe which was an answer to quantum physics. Now, I didn't understand quantum mechanics, and I still don't, but the nature of it, of being a
People who like to define themselves as travellers really irk my chain because they seem to think spending a lot of money makes them a better person. I know some people enjoy travelling spending as little money as possible, if any, but for those friends of friends who post pictures of their 1st class luxury seats on overpriced airlines.
Debates are a chance for the candidates to behave in a less scripted way. The live audience's reaction hurts the depth and value of this debate format. The collection of cheers and boos and easy to remember one liners will likely form the immediate impression of who won the debate.
There's been a lot of talk recently surrounding British born men and women who have chosen to fight in the likes of Syria for ISIS IS. Yet I fail to understand why this does not fall under a charge of treason. There exists a strong desire amongst many of these radicals to overthrow either the British government and then establish a 'caliphate' or the Crown. This would fufill the conditions of a treason charge and would give the Government a legitimate tool in which to deal with not just jihadists but any person who is deemed to be a threat to the state.
When posting an ad on Craigslist looking for someone to rent a spare room, I specified that as a 20 something female with no kids. Apparently that is discrimination under the Fair Housing Project. I believe that apartment complexes and lenders should not discriminate, but I should be able to choose the type of person I want to share my home with.
The fact that my DNA was at the crime scene could be completely circumstantial and I would have no way of proving my innocence. Similar to what happened to Henrietta Lacks' DNA. It was used without her consent for purposes other than what she agreed for it to be used for.
I feel like I haven't performed as well as I possibly can until I have done better than everyone else. I realize that I need to measure my success in terms of whether or not I'm getting better than I was before, but I can't quite convince myself of that.
Pete Rose was a long time baseball player and manager for the Cincinnati Reds. His playing career was phenomenal which is shown today as he is the all time leader in hits. When he was a manager he admitted to gambling by betting on his team to win.
I don't think Donald Trump was bragging about getting away with sexual assault in the Access Hollywood tapes. I think that Trump did not brag about sexual assault in the tapes, but I'm not saying that if he did what he said he did, those women actually did consent. In fact, given the stories from the women who have come forward so far, I think it's likely that they did not.
I don't deny that it is a very well made movie, but, all in all, the movie is over hyped. There is better cinema on that list than Shawshank Redemption.
I am more likely than not going to be voting for him in November. The racism issue is important, but even if he was an absolute flaming racist, I'd still be voting for him to ensure Hillary doesn't get in. I feel that congress would more likely than not be able to restrain any racially motivated tendencies.
I'm not from the US but I've seen some time ago that there where talks about raising the minimum wage to about 15 hour iirc. In my opinion this is a terrible idea that is incredibly short sighted. If you, for example, double the minimum wage, the price of everything will double with it. The cost of minimum wage workers will double, the people that made more than minimum wage will want there salary doubled to keep up, all the way up the employees lader.
A hurting farm equals a hurt to the owner, his family, employees, and the local food crop industry. A farmer is a business owner, and like all businesses there are great times, shitty times, and times when the worst happens you have to close your doors and cut your losses. But unlike any other business model, when a farmer starts to go under, he's all over TV complaining about it.
I don't understand why we should restrict the free market like this. If people want food of higher quality and have the money for it, why don't they buy them?
A couple of my issues with democracy and yes I know no country is a true democracy, but let's not split hairs. The idea that democracy by itself is valuable or infallible is a false one, and that we should be investigating new forms of governance to overcome some of these structural dilemmas. I think the idea that democracy by itself is valuable or infallible is a false one, and that we should be investigating new forms of governance to overcome some of these structural dilemmas.
