people with history of these diseases should adopt instead especially with so many unwanted children in the world. by keeping this up for at least 3 generations, we would see a huge difference in the population. there would be more sexual safety and maybe less promiscuity.
google has greatly contributed in making us more intelligent. mike downey: i think that by having access to such a large bank of knowledge. we are more easily educated as individuals than back in the days when you needed to search everything in books. upvotes don't change views.
frida ghitis: the belief that America is free leads to dogmatism and refusal to accept criticism. she says the american dream does not exist except for the very lucky or the existing rich. ghittingis: it's a falsehood that anybody can be rich with the right attitude and a good attitude.
the more people use the private system, the better the public system will be. i believe private health care is good for our society.
extraversion also leads to a lower IQ while more introverted people tend to be smarter. gt: i care about IQ because intelligence and education are key to success in this world.
in game currency is a staple of any progressive RPG. they create intermittent randomized rewards. the critique received is ridiculously over blown and not actually discussed.
aaron carroll: i think the world has always been a violent place, its just human nature. he says modern communication has brought acts to forefronts for ratings. people say its getting worse because news is traveling faster and farther through the world. carroll says if news gets worse, it's because people are watching it more closely.
gt: language at its core is merely meant to convey your thoughts. he says if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
it's the worst kind of self exaltation and moral high horsery because it cloaks itself in its supposed intent to do good. physical and especially Emotional Pain avoidance is what dominates immature psyches. if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
a fetus is alive from conception, but does not represent a human life until the 6 week mark. gt: i'd like to ignore all discussion about abortion and abortion policy. we should also declare that life begins when it's heartbeat stops, he says.
bob greene: it seems like a foolish reason to not try to find a rational, objective, transparent way. he says a computer programmer decides the districts, but this seems a fad. greene says there are some good links to the internet to make voting fair and transparent.
mark o'mara: pedophiles should be punished with death more than 14 times as often as heterosexuals. he says statistics show that gays rape more often than heterosexual men. gays should not be punished for raping a woman, he writes, but for a man who's been raped, it's unfair.
if you're thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. i don't see much of any downsides to this other than ohhhh it's a great idea.
writers: people think they know a lot more than they really do. they say in order to not be hypocritical we should not simply make fun of those with conflicting beliefs. writers: we should try as best we can to understand why our belief is right, why the opponent's is wrong.
the current way is just completely misleading. the prize is advertised as the sum of these payments. if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
edward mccaffery: there is absolutely no educational benefit from attending a university with students of certain racial or ethnic backgrounds. he says there is no benefit to attending university with a student of a certain race or ethnicity.
john avlon: i just don't understand the appeal of Spotlight. he says to me it was just a boring subject, but i didn't find it entertaining at all. the martian was excellent and space in general was pretty uninteresting, he writes.
lz granderson: it's not inherently wrong to value health, ability, and beauty. he says society valuing health is prejudicial against people who are overweight or obese. the only way to prevent my "able privilege" would be to reduce everyone to the lowest common ability. granderson says obesity has many health risks associated with it.
eric liu: this is in many ways a form of virtue signalling for gamers. he says this is literally abuse of the review system. the whole point of a review is to communicate your experience with the product.
lz granderson: i wish everyone would stop crying about death and start celebrating it. he says the arguments against suicide are incoherent at best. it doesnt matter if it hurts somebody else, its not your choice its their choice.
the race that has the highest rate of this viewpoint is the most racist of all. jeffrey toobin: usually racist viewpoints include a target race. but in this one, the target race are all other races, and that's what makes this viewpoint so racist. toobin says he's happy to continue the "racist" trend, but he doesn't want it to end.
socialist feminism believes that men have a higher capacity to work. the only way women can achieve equal pay is through socialist change in legislation. aaron carroll: the general trend across the board is that a male worker is more productive.
roland martin: use of the word to make a powerful point about race hasn't worked. he says word has a long history of hatred and use to disparage and put down black people. martha: it's not a good idea to use the word in historical context. but she says if you want to use it as a tool, you have to use a different word.
aaron carroll: i've been thinking about the difference between humans and animals. he says the best way to differentiate is in intellect. carroll says the only 'right' we have to consume or subjugate other creatures is because we can.
eric liu: most parents are lazy and short-tempered, but some ascribe to a more authority-driven family structure. he says life's not fair is an infuriating, inaccurately applied platitude used to enforce untoward authority. it's a cop out from having to argue what the parent truly does believe is fair, he writes.
gt says there are 3 options for sex male, female, and intersex. he says the world shouldn't have to classify you any differently. conservatives might say that there can't be an infinite number of genders.
the university of california is the best public or even overall university system in the us and in the entire world. if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.
donna brazile: this is sexist against females and does not help their cause for equality. brazil: some girls are naive. that deserves all the help that the victim can get. she says boys and girls should be dating because we assume that guys and girls can date health care professionals.
gt: i believe that women and men have the same right to be in the military, but they should be separated. he says this would decrease rape in military; he once talked to a veteran who said romantic relationships interfered. she says relationships have no place in military, and it is more effective to report them.
a submission with a score of 23 21 seems like they're just obfuscating the count for the sake of it. john sutter: i don't see a scenario where the system is any less vulnerable to spam bots etc.
gt: it feels like humanity has if you'll excuse the term left nature FUBAR. he says the only way for the natural world to recover is if humanity were to go extinct. it's more effective to report a comment that has broken one rule than downvote it.
i don’t agree with advertising public areas are gun free zones. animals that can threaten your crops, your family’s life, and your crops.
aaron carroll: i want to keep this mostly around appropriating costume as that is what i am most interested in. he says i see no harm in using another culture as costume as i think it's not cultural appropriation. carroll says the real apple is not seeing money out of this, nor are they selling these products.
gt: this seems to be a considerable indictment of religion. he says it highlights the frivolity of its acquisition. it is more effective to report a comment that has broken a rule than downvote it.
john avlon: in a democracy, there is no legitimate ruler other than those who are supposed to be ruled the people. he says the democratic system is a massive facade, an impossibility and a paradox. democratic politicians have no such leeway, theoretically, because they are not supposed to have any.
in ideal world, people who get caught selling or in possession of any controlled substance should not go to a jail. in theory, police's primary goal is to keep their respective area safe. if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.
john avlon: i believe that Trump is a strong figurehead for our nation. he says if a religion were manipulated to threaten harm upon my country, i would oppose it. but if it was manipulated, a muslim religion would not be a problem, he writes.
if you see a comment that has broken one of our rules, it is more effective to report it than downvote. gt I personally believe the word is not inherently gross or disgusting as people make it out.
i think this makes it harder to learn angles, especially when calculus is involved. i'm open to hearing about a better constant if you have one. please don't post any historical arguments.
lz granderson: raising a dog is no where near as difficult as raising your child. he says raising dog can prepare you in some ways for a child, but child will always be in need of nurturing. parents should be aware of their child's needs and how to communicate with him/her, he writes.
john avlon: there are legitimate complaints about our tax codes and class attitudes. but he says a lot of this focus on income inequality is just naked envy. income inequality has been a big issue in recent years, he writes, and it's beginning to grate on the left. he asks if you'd like to submit a CMV, but if so, please let us know.
police as a whole must be held to a much higher standard than average citizens. a minority of officers abuse their power and get away with it, john sutter says. but he says this is the only way to protect citizens from abuse of power.
john avlon says the government should be there primarily for its citizens. he says it should also try to keep all citizens as equal as possible. there should be something done to allow everyone, regardless of race, gender, sexual identity.
john avlon: i'm torn between two extremes with little compromising people making any vocal opinions. he says people's perceptions lead me to think they're blindly following their faith or their limited percpetion on the issue. some part of this would convince me to support somewhat one side more than the other, he writes.
david rothkopf: i'd much rather choose life over limb. he says closing the blinds doesn't really do much good if you don't have time.
the main objections to the HoL are ideological in nature. i don't think the system is a serious threat to the democratic integrity of the UK. the hoL provides a useful counterbalance to the house of commons.
overall, i don’t think it’s likely that Nazis will ever come to power and take over America in the next hundred years.
the best possible solution would be for a nuclear war that allows us to go back to the Middle Ages technology wise and start from scratch. re industrialising based on what we already know works in the short run but is destructive in the long run.
lz granderson: i don't understand where the issue is with a future with no disabilities. he says if no one is getting an unfair treatment, there might be other issues. granderson says he doesn't see the issue with no disability or genetic diseases.
bob greene: nothing is objectively right. the things we say are right are the things championed by the right. he says nothing is right. what we say is right is what we champion. greene says we are champions of the things that are right.
john avlon: republicans are right to worry about the deficit. he says there is a good argument for lowering the corporate tax rate. it's a tax that is fairly easy to legally avoid by simply moving a corporation out of the country.
sally kohn: abortion is murder, killing a fetus is a terrible deed, and it should be punished. she says it's wrong to say abortion is because a baby isn't a living being yet. but she says if someone else kills the baby there will almost certainly be another living being born. her: if a woman can get an abortion, she should consider the baby alive or not alive.
twitch is showing how immature their policies are regarding how they handle dealing with a big streamer they have banned Ice Poseidon. if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
if you're thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. do you think there is a lack of evidence with which to dismiss these hacks?
frida ghitis: if you do not think you are free, you have the right to think so. she says the flag represents that we are free; if not, go talk to the men and women that fight for our freedom. ghittingis: we have a right to be free, but if we are not free, we have to think.
adopting a child from a different race or country is unethical. if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
bob greene: tribal herd morality makes us more likely to thrive. he says there's nothing objectively wrong with anything we find. greene says we all come with an ingrained tribal morality that persists.
aaron carroll: i'd like to be more concerned with politically correct excess. he says criticisms of political correctness often function as a way of avoiding social injustice. carroll says i have a hard time taking them too seriously.
jeffrey toobin: i believe the current prison system is far too soft on these people. he says an effective use of breaking the individual completely would work better than the current system. toobin says i grew up knowing lots of people who ended up becoming hardcore criminals.
john avlon: rape and victim blaming are morally comparable situations. he says victims can be partially at fault, without making perpetrators any less responsible. victims are at fault in different ways, he writes, but they are still in the wrong.
john avlon: i agree with the goal of liberalism but disagree with the method. he says liberalism has a tendency to invert itself into a form of authoritarianism. we should remove all laws legislating marijuana, he writes, but that's what he's getting at.
donna brazile: if children were never taught about religion until the age of 18 it would be far less popular. she says it's more effective to report a comment that has broken a rule than downvote it. if your comment has broken one, it is better to report it than down vote it, she says. be sure to check your comment's spelling, grammar and spelling.
bob greene: it's a social stigma to not like beer. he says people are peer pressured subconsciously to make themselves think they like it. greene says he doesn't understand how anyone could like beer, but he does.
if you're thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki. submit a cv by clicking here.
try to CMV that donating to animal charities and causes is equally as important as human causes and charities. for the charities i am talking about are more like animal shelters and the ASPCA. if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
bob greene: i always hear praise for snowden for telling us how our own government watches us. he says it's beneficial to have a spy on the u.s., but he also revealed how we monitor china, germany, etc. greene says he's a good spy, but people often overlook his revelations.
john avlon: i think mass producing factory farms are bad. he says capitalism has aided in creating a way to efficiently produce more meat for profit. capitalism has helped in creating more meat, rather than less, he writes.
the united states is a prosperous, advanced nation despite containing backwards southern states. if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. the south has been a drag on social, political and economic.
medical marijuana should be legal, but it should be significantly more regulated. if you require drugs to enjoy yourself in social situations then you have issues. don't use marijuana for recreational purposes.
bob greene: many default subreddits are plagued by people calling out reposts. he says when i see an unoriginal post, i don't freak out. people vote a post on the front page because they vote it there, he writes. greene says that's astonishingly arrogant.
gt I feel that it is far better to have switches for the room located inside of the room than outside. if you see a comment that breaks one, it is more effective to report it than downvote.
if you're thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki. submit a cv by clicking the submit button below.
there is little to no evidence that they are a native american tribe at all. there is no basis for them to be properly considered a tribe eligible for federal funding. if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it.
it's like all these introverted streaming comedies are not as good as people think they are. most Netflix original shows with a few exceptions are really dry and boring.
love is an important part of our lives and we fail young people by not preparing them for it. love is a unique mind state to inhabit and i want to hold it in higher ground. i love feeling good treating someone so well.
lz granderson: the intellectual dishonesty in this scare piece seems like a clear cut case of libel. he says it's not necessary to prove that the defendant intended to defame. political opinions are not excluded, nor are political opinions unless explicitly stated as such. his: if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
jeffrey toobin: choice is the ultimate good. we must be free from attachments to be free to choose the right action. he says suffering is something we do by choice not by compulsion. freedom gives us that choice. goal driven behavior drives positive action.
aaron carroll: our education system in its current form is quite redundant. he says if education was fully privatized, it would have been the cheapest and most effective solution. carroll says it's a waste of money and carries a high level of unnecessary expenses.
there is a fight for equality in the work place but i feel women have more rights than men. there needs to a fine line of dress code if there wants to be equality for all employees. women are wearing make up on their chest to make things look bigger or more attractive.
julian zelizer: moderators were biased and out of line. he says they asked questions that most republicans didn't have a proper answer to. republicans aren't more electable than democrats, he writes.
eric liu: encouraging people to discover Names is important to progress. he says enforcing copyright by military force rather than by fines is a mistake. restriction on UNSONG should have minimal impact on profits, he writes.
john sutter: it's a better way to decide who to call generous. he says it can at least sometimes be perceived as a cheap way earning praise for very little. don't call someone generous unless sacrifice of some sort factors into your gift, he writes.
gt I'm open minded however and would like my viewpoint challenged. if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote.
aaron carroll: if the atom has a number of outcomes, this is no different to pre determinism. he says as chemistry is, in a way, just quantum physics, it is pre determined. carroll says we are no more than machines, and our actions are predictable.
religion may not be accurate in its preaching of God's existence because worship and belief are limited to our mind's understanding. if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. i am of the opinion that with more unrestricted access to firearms there could have been a significantly higher number of casualties.
aaron carroll: if you want to be successful in a capitalistic society you have to be an opportunist. he says it's not a negative quality, but it benefits me to be this way, and should not be interpreted as negative. carroll says he's looking to engage in discussions with people who truly believe in being a bad thing. carsroll: we need to encourage more people to take advantage of opportunities.
gt I support animal rights and am fully aware of the health benefits of going vegan. but i haven't been able to move past this one yet. it is more effective to report a comment that has broken one of our rules.
gt: when one is producing work, one should always go for quality rather than quantity. he says if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
bob greene: the point is reducing harm as much as possible. he says it's more effective to report a comment that has broken one rule than downvote it. the moderators aren't saying addiction per se is good or bad, he writes. greene says we're trying to reduce harm by reducing the cost of addiction.
the best argument so far has been this post and Just wait, MRA is still in its infancy. john avlon: we should all be able to acknowledge they exist and should be solved. the problem with MRAs and MRActivists is that they seem to focus less on solving problems.
john avlon: downvotes don't seem to be changing views on popular topics. he says we should get to know each other, so there won't be wars bad blood between us. we've got a popular topic wiki, so if you're thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please check it out. it's a good idea to submit a cv to the popular topics forum.
aaron carroll: child support isn't immediately obvious that the biological father should. he says it's an oversimplification, but he's not clear where he stands on the issue. carroll says he recognises it is the only possible way to do things, but at other times it doesn't.
john avlon: medical background check is not a good idea. he says judges can and should take away your right to own a gun. the only fair a just way to take away someones rights is to submit a CMV, he writes.
donna brazile: mindfulness has two aspects: a non judgmental accepting perspective, and a focus on the present moment. she says people can't possibly be doing what they think they're doing. but she says it's a good idea to have a conversation about mindfulness with others. be sure to submit a CMV on our popular topics wiki.
jeffrey toobin: anti pouching initiative is hypocrisy in itself. it doesn't make existence of mankind better. he says how are poachers more morally and ecologically irresponsible than they are? he asks: how are pouchers morally responsible?
jeffrey toobin: volunteer work is great for people who are looking for careers. toobin says volunteerism, however great in theory, is completely wrong and should be illegal. he says i like the idea of volunteering and helping out special needs people. Toobin: i think volunteering is a great way to beef up my resume.
i do understand that this is obviously more of a western civilisation process. but i believe we do expect less from each other as we expect more.
a sensitivity reader is a literary editor who flags controversial content for revision. sally kohn: i don't have issues with sensitivity reads for purely research purposes. she says sensitivity readers aren't able to suss out authorial intent, but it's up to the public.
don't think accusations should be straight up believed. gt: "innocent till proven guilty" is a thing. it is more effective to report a comment that has broken one than downvote it.
