the nature of violent crime in the western world has changed, and it tends to targeted attacks and mass shootings. the perception that the country world is becoming more subject and vulnerable to both acts of Islamic terrorism is very much real. media isn't just causing trouble and stirring human misery. this shit's happening in real life.
if a voter decides to vote against the alt right he has to vote democrat. this influences political oppinions and discussion in america in a really harmful and undesirable way. american politics are far more charged, hate filled and centred on extremism.
world cup 2022 was decided to be held in Qatar, despite abhorrent playing conditions. millions have been spent on the current WC, and some of the poorest people in Brazil have been forced out of their homes to make room for soccer. FIFA is more concerned with the money they will make from the games than they are for the suffering the games will cause or the games themselves.
as jordan peterson explains in this video, it's useless to cast pearls before swine. such people only cause trouble to those trying to help them. it appears that the best thing to do with people who can't be helped is to abandon them.
there is so much disagreement and inability to compromise in today's society. this leads me to believe that a second civil war and possibly a dystopian society is coming. i'm not looking for my view about a entitlement and compromising to be changed.
a zipper can have the fully zipped zipper rest at the leg or the neck. most seem to choose the neck, with two problems: first, it must be covered by a flap snap at the neck to prevent the zipper from irritating baby's chin. second, most of the baby must be uncovered to check or change a diaper.
credit unions are not for profit and exist for the benefit of their members. a national credit union system would be far superior to banks in every way. the good which a bank does, outweighs the numerous scandals they have been involved in.
the word "racism" as i see it, is an umbrella term for anything that fits within the above definition. if one needed to describe the racism that has been built into the fundamental structure of things, then institutionalized racism serves the purpose. the goal of CRT scholars and the groups that use this theory is to generate race consciousness.
in my country a lot of people don't even care to read the electoral programs. there's a huge manipulation of this part of the citizens. an attended based test type exam where people show they have a basic knowledge and read the would be beneficial for all.
if you hold an animal captive is it really a pet, or is it just an animal that you've got in a cage or tied to a post? most reptiles, birds and rodents don't have a sufficiently strong bond with their owners that they wouldn't run away at the first given opportunity.
eric liu: some people think the goal of an internet discussion is to persuade the other person. he says this is wrong because it has no concrete effect on your life. internet debating is a public place, and people don't want to look like fools, he writes. the goal should be for both parties to make their positions and the reasoning clear.
the confederate states of america was at best an insurrection. lz granderson: it doesn't make sense to me that we should have a day honoring confederates. it would make more sense to have king george ii or japanese kamikaze pilots, he says.
ruben navarrette: people should have the right to be wrong in business. he says if a CEO of a company hates Jews, he can refuse to employ them. many companies would stop doing business with Wal Mart because of this practice. anyone complaining about minimum wage but still shops at Wal Mart or eats at McDonald's is a hypocrite.
liberalism is slowly becoming less popular because liberal parties and communities are pushing away people who are on the edge of the views toward conservatism. it's a sad battle of attrition, due to intolerance towards other beliefs.
gambler's fallacy: previous results will have an impact on independent future results. monty hall problem: a contestant chooses one of 3 doors, 2 have Zonks behind them, and one has a prize such as a brand new car. most mathematician sentiment dictates that switching will yield a 2 3s chance in winning.
a newborn is not alive because it isn't ready to exist as an individual yet. abortion is not murder because the child's nerves experience pain, but you are killing a pre human. adam samuel: abortion should be legal long after birth. you are not killing anyone.
universities are a centuries old model for providing a series of benefits to attendees. nearly all of these benefits can be replaced by alternatives that are less costly and less time consuming. from the undergraduate student's point of view, richer and more varied alternatives are available.
if the draft is a form of slavery, then it should be made illegal, says adam sobel. he says the 13th amendment bans all forms of slavery and involuntary servitude. sobel: if one or more of my premises are wrong, then the draft should be illegal.
x200B: i think people in the u.s. are afraid of math. this is fed by americans' preference for a fixed mindset over a growth mindset. there is a documented and growing shortage of job candidates in this country.
in an anarchy, anything goes, so those rich and greedy people could basically do whatever they want. as people form together for safety, they will need to have ground rules about what is acceptable. cnn's john sutter: i think history and common sense back me up on this one.
the us is a poor ally for the Kurds. they armed them and helped them, but only against IS. russians have bombed ISIS and the rebels, but haven't bombes the kurds yet. having the kurds as an ally would expand Russian influence in the region.
in the uk, handguns are illegal and other guns heavily restricted. introducing more relaxed controls on firearm ownership like that in the us would have a definite negative effect on my country.
piercing a baby's ears before she is old enough to understand the pain is wrong. i simply cannot get behind it, and that's why i am here. change my view. it is causing some pretty serious friction in my family and in laws.
self posts were so successful because they didn't give karma, which prevented a large amount of shitposting in larger subreddits. this also messes with subs such as r whowouldwin, which I feel will now be inundated with clickbait. even if it doesn't make a huge apparent affect, it will also make the workload for moderators much larger.
when people discuss a religion, it always seems like the first impulse is to ask what do they believe? i feel like this isn't a great lens to view religions through, for two reasons. you get a better sense of the believers by looking at their actions rather than scripture.
just because a person is rich and famous doesn’t mean they can be an effective president. lz granderson: if Trump can win, who’s next? celebrities who never wanted a career in politics. celebrities already live extraordinarily privileged lives so the presidency is a step down, he says. granderson says there should be some sort of minimum experience requirement to run.
i have a hard time believing they need a guy waving a stick to keep time or play an accent. gt Hello, users of CMV This is a footnote from your moderators. please remember to read through our rules if you see a comment that has broken one.
i am scared of death's emptiness, the idea that i will no longer be able to observe anything or watch things change. i spend hours every night gnawing over the scary thought that, in the grand scheme of the universe, humans don't matter. what is the point of our lives, or the lives of anything for that matter? im going to die eventually, and in a century or two, nobody will remember me.
if someone touches me from behind and I end up in a ball trying to catch my breath, the only word i can use to explain what happened is to say I was triggered. it seems like in school and on social media people use the word triggered as though they have ptsd, when what they're referring to is merely discomfort.
if you want to win, you could easily rig the tournament in favor of the worst not worst team. if the skill gap is very great, this probably won't matter, but if it's close, it might matter. you could also rig a tournament so that the best team in a group wins.
Kantian ethics starts out with the assumption that we must use reason logic. if we must be rational we must universalize our maxims. whenever, I preform an action if it cannot be universally done, it is immoral.
people are taking pictures of pets doing ordinary things, NOT extraordinary. they then make up a caption that enhances the picture beyond the original. google 'dogs' and start making up fake titles for post for these obviously staged pictures.
tampons and pads around the world has a SALES tax because they are considered non essential luxury items. since 2000, Britain has set the tax on sanitary products at the lowest possible level of 5 percent. the fact that we have these items today make it more easily manageable, therefore it's a luxury.
indian tribes had 4 genders: manly man, manly woman, female woman and female man. among gay men, i think there are much more men that fit into the very feminine part of the spectrum. in country x gay men are mostly super masuline. i have yet to see this.
my girlfriend says the ads are coercion and will make me buy things i ultimately don't need. to me, most advertisements are the company's way of getting the word out about a product or service they offer. if i only get relevant ads that are catered to my interests behavior, all the better.
the general american audience can relate to most english speaking shows just fine. accents, settings, and culture are not different enough in other english speaking countries to warrant american adaptations. many american remakes though, such as the inbetweeners, skins, and gracepoint are not needed for the general American audience.
white knights, as they are called, are not inherently bad, in my opinion. if you want to have a constructive conversation about a feature or hotfix, you are accused of being a fanboy. in the past, you had fanboys and sega fans. you supported the system and its developer.
men and women operate differently and it's a constant cause of conflict. there's no more justification for reading a smutty romance novel than there is for a guy looking at porn. i don't want to hear anything about masturbation because even if a woman doesn't masturbate to their novels, that doesn’t mean they don’t get off just as much.
ideologically i'm pretty socialist the real kind, not the fox news version. in socialist circles, the narrative is often that capitalism is hopelessly unsustainable. i feel, on the other hand, that with permanent constraints one could achieve a best of both worlds style ideal.
cerebral palsy affects my walking, talking and over all balance. at 23 i was unable to run. was able to slowly walk up and down stairs. after university i made it a personal mission to improve my walking and my speech. i now jog for 10k. now i love getting lost in jogging.
technology can be grand, i appreciate the benefits, but it can also be less necessary. too much technological convenience becomes a dependence. what we need in life to be comfortable or happy isn't absolute, but is relative to our ability.
the shape of water is an exquisitely bland movie that lacks an absurd amount of substance. the movie weighs heavily on the cinematography and strays away from any actual plot. it is an intermediate form of movie writing and does not deserve any more than a redbox rental.
body autonomy, the idea that everyone has the right to control what happens in their own body, is a flawed concept. if a fetus were considered a person with full rights, it would still be ethical to abort him. the basic claim behind the bodily autonomy argument is that even if we grant people the right, we still have to make people suffer the consequences.
john avlon: i've lived in the south for my entire adult life and find myself surrounded by people that live in bubbles of their own belief systems. why should we be openminded and inclusive of knee jerk reactionaries who are bastions of negativity and hate? why suffer fools who are blinded by their own blindness?
why is it that illnesses that a human would just be told to man up and live through are things that pets are put down for? daniel hayes: humans are made to live through things many times more severe than what a pet would be put down.
protests are taking place internally in google over its plans to potentially launch a censored platform in china. gt i don't see a problem with google doing this, as china is a fast upcoming economy. people seem to be objecting to china itself, but stifling us businesses seems short sighted.
a democracy as long as it sticks to all the basic principles of democracy is always better than a dictatorship. samuel2342: i present my argument in the form of three main assertions. 1 people should always have the ability to choose the people that govern them. 2 people should get the government they deserve.
white supremacist is a white person who believes that white people are the superior race. white nationalist would believe an american should be supported over a non american, and they are white. i think the best definition would be closest to white ethnic nationalism.
the increasing amount of characters and stories leaves no room for character development. events are so densely packed that it's hard to keep track of everything. the whole red wedding scene in the last episode did nothing for me.
if your young child is out of bed from 8am 8pm on a weekend check out this general 12 hr schedule assuming they're awake between 8am and 8pm. it's not intended to be picked apart with comments like there’s no way that breakfast time lasts an hour or that I’m missing a key part of a kid’s schedule like bath time. i am just not seeing 2 hrs of screen time be as detrimental to a child as we are lead to believe
i don't understand why it is such a big deal for big companies facebook,google government to be tracking me online and storing information about me. i'm looking to see why many people take this issue so seriously and why i should be concerned.
for me to vote, the question of which government is in power would need to be worth £200 million. for me voting would be like buying a lottery ticket but with a lower probability of winning and a higher reward. i'd be willing to spend £10 to have an hour free time, or you'd need to pay me £10 to do something for an hour.
a famous violinist has been kidnapped and plugged into your circulatory system. the violinist will die, but in nine months he will have recovered from his ailment. john sutter: this seems to me to be an invalid argument for abortion.
abstaining from voting is the best way of showing that you don't like the choices that you are being presented with, but i feel like many people who abstainate from voting need to look past the most popular options. voting for LBUP contributes to showing others that some members of the public care about lawn bowls, and support the key policies of the party. i oppose the influence of lobbyists but that's a separate issue.
a farmer needs some extra labourers to work in his vineyard. he goes into town to find some. the farmer finds an idle labourer at 9am and asks him to work a full day for 60. gt the parable apparently teaches us that any laborer who accepts the invitation will receive an equal reward.
inaction is morally equivalent to physically drowning a child or destroying someone's food and medicine. inaction in each of these situations is the same as physically destroying a person's life. eric liu: if you know there are people in dire situations who you could easily help.
slashing good comments with topfans,who instead to coming up with something witty,only leave weak comments. we see with the top fan badge,you comment already had a biased weight that lets it float higher than normal people.
HRC basically owned the DNC due to making them a loan to get them out of debt that required that she make staffing and budgetary decisions for the party. there are leaked emails going back that showed talk amongst senior staffers that they had already decided who the 2016 candidate was going to be. the head of the dnc actively passed HRC debate questions to give her an edge at town hall meeting against other democratic primary opponents.
american style healthcare, or rather heavily privatized healthcare, is criticized for many things. a privatized system mostly favors those wealthy and employed. the poor, unemployed, and chronically sick either don't receive care at all or are financially impacted.
a pro gun video rant on the national firearms act got me thinking. gt a lot of new gun owners have no clue what they are doing when they buy a gun. machine guns are even more unruly and harder to grasp due to media suppression. gun owners win because we are held to a higher standard of education and responsibility.
i have a strong belief that given what is going on between Japan and it's neighbors,it will get nuked yet again. i'm willing to wager some money that it'll be within 15 20 years that Japan gets nuked. it will take them longer 20 30,maybe even 50 years to recover if they ever recover.
i have this somewhat unrelated view that all the poor in africa should be just 'killed off' so that we don't have to waste any more resources on them. this is really kind of kind of disturbing to me as it's just so inhumane. i also think that we humans only allow the strongest and smartest to survive.
transnational lists could mobilize citizens around issues of pan european interest – austerity, the eurozone governance, how to manage the refugee crisis, etc. many conflcits on european matters cut across national borders Some salient groups of european citizéns might have more in common, and jointly at stake, with their felow citizens. transnational electoral lists could revitalize the democratic process in the eu by allowing a genuine political conversation around european elections.
Transgender surgery is used to treat people with Gender Dysphoria. i support it because it's sadly the best treatment for this Mental Illness. but, i believe that once we are able to find a safer and less extreme treatment, that transgender Surgery will go the way of the Lobotomy.
i just saw a kid at a mall doing tantrum way worse than i used to see. throwing things,screaming like he was going to die,hitting his dad and the icing on the cake begging a random stranger to help him just for a toy. i know some parents feel that they should shower their kids with things but they should also know that they are going to get kushy with that sort of lifestyle.
restaurant website said was open until 10pm when we got there at 9.35pm. we were advised that we could not buy any food the kitchen equipment had already been turned off and they had begun cleaning since they closed at 10pm. there was no sign at the entrance that stated the kitchen would not be open until then.
based on Carmen reinhart and Kenneth rogoff's "growth in a time of debt" i do not believe austerity as a reactionary economic model poses any risks. please, feel free to change my view or explain where implications could be.
gt i believe that things are pretty good right now in the us. any novel counter argument that i find merit in will be awarded a delta. downvotes don't change views.
there are less than 20,000 people suffering from a rare disease. toxoplasmosis is even more rare and typically does not require life time of treatment. there has been no advances in the treatment of this disease for over 50 years.
a no tolerance policy always fails in conflict resolution, says dr. sanjay gupta. more advanced rules should be put in place, no matter how inefficient it would be, he says. not only is it horrible, it offers absolutely no exceptions for anyone. equity is better than equality, anyway. many people need exceptions.
lz granderson says he lives in a nice neighborhood in new york city. he says crime rates in the area were high in the 60's and 80's, but real estate was cheap. granderson: now that the area has risen to a high plateau on the real estate market, the city should knock down projects like that. city could make much more money by building market rate apartments there, he writes.
we are the freaks. we're the ones worried about people on the other side of the world, who are struggling against a force that we can't seem to completely stop. i'm not trying to put myself or any of us on a level above what we really are, i apologize. our world consists of ISIS, pollution, global warming, famine, destruction of the environment.
the term TERF refers to a 'trans gender exclusionary radical feminist' it was coined roughly 10 years ago within a pro trans blog post. it's gradually gained prominence within LGBT circles as a term to refer to radfems who exclude trans people.
the bane of indecisive people is picking where to go for food, especially for a couple. don't care simply means you choose, but be considerate of what I want. if you see a comment that has broken one, report it rather than downvote it.
ruben navarrette: i despise Trump's rhetoric, his anti intellectualism, and his anti-intellectualism. but he says the argument is as specious as it is ubiquitous, saying someone is unfit to do their job is the definition of racism. the hypocrisy of Trump questioning this judge's impartiality while refusing to acknowledge his own business world, he writes.
property tax is based upon the value of the land, which is cheap. but developers see the beauty of the area and begin building designer homes. some farmers are not happy with the change in their town and refuse to sell their farms to developers.
Ron artest went into the stands to assault a fan during an NBA game. michael hayes: in no way should a fans fear the wrath of an angry athlete. he says the same does not apply to players who assault fans who enter the playing surface. after the artest and milbury incidents, there should have been charges pressed.
show like 'tcap' is a real threat to pedophiles and a very good deterrent. show could be used for other stuff, such as leaving cars that are easy to steal as bait for robbers. a hidden mechanism kills the ignition and the police comes.
i am an incredibly paranoid and nervous person, although i dislike Trump politically. i do not think this particular fear of mine is rational or in any way reasonable. due to a hypothetical scandal say, his ties to Russia are proven undeniably true without a shadow of a doubt.
Trump is polling either ahead by 1 or behind by 2 in the most recent polls added to their list. the demographics of voters in Iowa were as follows Trump's and Cruz's numbers are in brackets afterwards. similar to Sanders' Trump will likely rally the voters without a college degree in Iowa and win the state.
i’ve found that we can sort things into three levels. first is just anything that’s alive, aka like the grass, trees and everything else on the list. the next level I’m not sure what to call but it involves consciousness. this is the level where the being seemingly making decisions and or capable of feeling pain, like cows or chickens. the last level is personhood, the one that we are special for, for the most part.
history courses are taught so that history students can go on and become history professors themselves. for the vast majority of students, history courses will have no applicable worth to them post graduation. i'm hesitant to make another post in this sub in the foreseeable future.
r science is generally the exception to this imo. any headline can play in the grey area between honest and clickbaity to serve varying degrees of manipulation, whilst still maintaining some degree of legitimacy. reddit's function of serving up misleading headlines one after another, conditions users to trust news 'they get from redsit'
john avlon: i believe neoliberalism has inflicted suffering and destruction on the human race. he argues against economic liberalization policies such as privatization, fiscal austerity, free trade, and much of any form of reduction in federal spending. these policies seem to have led to the many crises the u.s. is in now such as the lack of manufacturing jobs, the gap between the wealthy and the impoverished.
nations' borders are arbitrary for some border it is more likely that the difference that exists between one side of it and the other is the result of the border rather than its cause. cultural and economic differences between people in a single nation state are vastly greater than the average difference between two nations. it is arbitrary to share a sense of common identity with almost every person in your nation even though they differ greatly in everything but passport and possibly birthplace.
quantum mechanics led to a more free interpretation, even leading to mysticism. how is the chance of a particle changing state off a probability doesn't make my brain make decision's against the will of nature. in multitude of universes you have no free will, all the choices are taken, against your will.
travel is natural, everybody literally does it. people who like to define themselves as travellers really irk my chain because they seem to think spending a lot of money makes them a better person. if you say travelling is your hobby, i interpret it to mean spending money is a hobby. for those friends of friends who post pictures of their 1st class luxury seats on overpriced airlines, yeah you just like spending money.
the live audience hurts the depth and value of this debate format for the voting public. having a live audience encourages less thoughtful prose in favor of sound bites. the collection of cheers and boos will likely form the immediate impression of who won the debate.
'i fail to understand why this does not fall under a charge of treason' 'there exists a strong desire among many of these radicals to overthrow either the British government and then establish a 'caliphate'
a woman posted an ad on craigslist saying she preferred to live with a 20 something female with no kids. that's apparently discrimination under the fair housing project. age and family status are important factors in choosing a roommate.
the fact that my DNA was at the crime scene could be completely circumstantial and i would have no way of proving my innocence. similar to what happened to henrietta lacks' DNA. it was used without her consent for purposes other than what she agreed for it to be used for. with my DNA given to the police who's to say it can't be planted and used against me in order for them to have an easy case.
eric liu: i feel like i haven't performed as well as i possibly can until I have done better. he says when people complain that a certain exam was incredibly difficult, it's a pat on the back. when he hears people laughing about how easy a test was that he found difficult, he gets depressed.
Pete rose was a long time baseball player and manager for the Cincinnati reds. as a manager he admitted to gambling by betting on his team to win. he got banned from professional baseball and became ineligible for the hall of fame.
donna brazile: yes, it is sexual assault to grab a woman's genitalia without her consent. but it is not sexual assault if it's consensual, she says, and that's what he's bragging about in the tapes. she says Trump is bragging that his wealth and fame make him so sexually attractive to women.
there is better cinema on that list than shawshank redemption. the movie is well made, but, all in all, it is over hyped. there is a better storyline in Schindler's list.
lz granderson: if he were a flaming racist, i'd still be voting for him to ensure he doesn't get in. granderson says the common refrain from Trump detractors is an accusation of racism. he says what has he said or done that makes him a racist? what are the facts?
if you, for example, double the minimum wage, the price of everything will double. as minimum wage increases so does the return on investment time diminishes. companies will always go for the most economical options.
a farmer is a business owner, and like all businesses there are great times, shitty times. but when a farm starts to go under, he's all over TV complaining about it. don't think of farmers as some kind of super heroes. they make a product for a profit.
a lot of politicians of the eastern part of the EU discuss the difference of quality between food in western countries and us. why would anyone think supply and demand can not take care of this? if there is some kind of monopoly the enterprises hold, isn't that a task for the antimonopoly?
john avlon: i don't know if i truly agree with churchill's quote on democracy. he says average citizens are ignorant of policy issues, and disinformation is a problem. democracy encourages pork barrel spending, and privileges some over others, he writes.
