it’s because of the history of oppression between the two groups.
the books are pretty solid coming-of-age stories, with lots of deep stuff about war, racism and sexism, and grief. I really enjoyed them as a teen, and think they still hold up pretty well.
Are there any appswebsites that are made for reverse searching British phone numbers?
my girlfriend and my child might not be biologically mine if we break up, I might be without home for a time.
It's just trolls being intellectual trying to shut down conversations to win, because that's the point nowadays.
I am always initiating texting conversations with the guy I am seeing. He is always initiating hang out and planning dates. Should I start initiating dates as well? I feel like if I don't text him, I won't hear from him.
I dated girl 'X' for a year which ended up being a relationship where we just weren't right for each other. Before X I dated Y, and while I was dating X, I always thought about how much I miss Y. Once X and I broke up, I texted Y, we went on a date and now I have a crush on her again. What do?
Flew two states away to lose my virginity.
The coffee shop didn't seal the coffee beans in the bag and now two weeks later I found it open and the espresso has no taste and no scent. Should i take it back and demand fresh coffee?
The only way I got my family to use Linux is to set it up for them myself, but generally no complaints from them about it- and actually some compliments mostly regarding the speed
My best friend has no ambition for herself and lives to please her boyfriend, what can I do to help her appreciate life and those around her not the bf?
TEACH YOUR KIDS HOW TO SHAKE A MANS HAND AND LOOK SOMEONE IN THE EYE.
How many classes would you suggest for a motivated, medicated student in a 5-6 week summer session?
A couple years ago i had a vasectomy. I got home from the procedure and explained to my kids what happened. One of them asked, Why would you do that?  May answer was,  essentially, I'm happy with the family I have.
league should have more casual gamemodes but, grinding is completely different in league compared to fortnite.
popcorn is delicious, and people need to learn how to mind their own biz.
Trying to tune up to g standard on a full-sized acoustic guitar, and looking for input
I 18M Was in a long distance Relationship for 3 years. Did everything for her, even travelled 3000 miles to see her and she broke up with me suddenly and cant get over it. In Need of help
ex gf broke up 2 months ago   i broke nc yday and she responded right away within a sec   going to meet her this friday to pick up my things from dorm   eventually have a convo with her and just talk to her about what happened   problem is she is seeing another guy but doesnt know that I know   how to make the situation less awkward than it already is
Boyfriend wants to break up this summer so we can focus on our problems and try again next semester. I don't want to break up at all
As much as I love the game, its becoming stale with the lack of chase items and difficulty in maps.
Stuck in a poverty cycle because low-level systems only offer travel contracts to high-level systems.   edit thanks everybody for the feedback.  Of course, right after I posted this, I found two local missions.  One gave me a lump of cash.  The other I went all-in for salvage and got a free Thunderbolt.  Make a fool of me, BT.   Still, that was a shitty stretch, and I do think the contracts system needs some tweaking.  I want to play BattleTech, not watch jumpship cutscenes pretty as they are.
I cant take my punishments anymore because my tolerancethreshold for pain has become very low. Any suggestions on how to get that back up?
I entered my first relationship a few months ago while being insecure about the fact that I didn’t have any friends. Felt really insecure about it still during the relationship, and after breaking up, I felt that the fact that me having no friends was a contributing factor. Now I’m afraid to enter into a potential relationship knowing that at some point, I’d have to tell this guy about me having no friends.   Also, I added age and gender just in case, haha.
If you're an ugly you need to be interesting, and that's useful
The German Empire was basically just the Kingdom of Prussia on steroids with the rest of modern Germany being along for the ride.
should the jacket shoulder width exactly match my shoulders no matter what?   for the jackets im measuring seam-to-seam. for my body I had someone measure me from the tips of shoulder bones.
I developed a rare case of a pregnancy rash after I gave birth. Just looking for some insight.
Apple laptop UX feels so amazingly smooth and Windows just feel clunky
12 year old me found smut mags soaked in creek water and mud.  The smell of creeks and muddy shores gets me as horny as a jack rabbit.
You think you can handle it? Good, go for it and don't let someone else's incompetence hold you back.
Friend of my boyfriend who is in open relationship has strong feelings for me but I'm in a closed relationship and have no intention of changing that. Do I tell my boyfriend his friend is in love with me or keep it to myself? I don't want to ruin their friendship but I don't like keeping secrets.
You cant complain about norms when you only care about changes you disagree with - either be against the expansion of executive power uniformly, or shut the fuck up and vote.
Had roomemate, got along well, but didn't hang out outside, moved out, feeling like a lost someone very important in my life.
How do I remain open, yet still stand up formyself in dating when dating experiences continue to be letdowns?
Girlfriend has anger issues. For people like me who stuck around, did it get better?
Girlfriends' neighbors might be receiving their mail and refusing to turn it over, what is best course of action?
In my experience, most people who are into vore are just people with an odd fetish but they're not going to hurt anyone. The same cannot be said of pedos.
disproportionately mad all the time.
Full auto rifles are legally obtainable with big catches and if you are spending that much on a firearm, you probably aren't planning on committing any crimes with it. Because if you want to commit a crime with a gun, just find some hardcore criminals. Probably cheaper.
my university stats instructor would most likely disagree with you, but only if they sampled it correctly.
told bf that i loved him for the first time and he responded by saying fun stuff.
four weeks without weed, but the headaches are killer.  Anyone else experienced this?
IOTA has strong potential to change the way we do a lot of different things and if it takes off it could leave many other crypto projects in the dust.
My friend is in a toxic relationships how should i help him.
Beer pricing will probably stay the same, trump just wants to be big swinging dick in NAFTA.
You can live a nice life with SA. Be gentle with yourself, try not to fill what you can control in your life with negativity. It’s okay to be a loser, don’t fill your mind with self-hatred.   Btw this isn’t a response to memes, i think they’re dope a little spammy though., but to the people convincing themselves and others that there isn’t any hope, because there 100 is .
elderly lady has trouble paying, is it out of line to ask her caretaker to help?
Where can I learn modern C as someone never having officially learned the language but experienced in programming esp. in C?
Don’t trust BMI. Make sure to get a full workover for body fat percentage, measurements included. BMI is for baseline only and shouldn’t be taken as law.
I smell bad, I notice.
Our sexlife has been rocky and my insecurities are getting out of hand
Having an evil candidate in power protects the rich. They the candidate will never be punished because their status as someone evil allows them to direct attention away from the rich pursuing their interests.
if the baby is alive and has a soul before birth, does it need to be baptised before birth?
Live in a tiny desert town. Can’t get away from my abusive ex and he is making life unbearable. What can I do?
I want to put on some free shows and start promoting, Does anybody play in a band that would be interested? Or even just wanna help me out see some cool music?   even if your not in a band but play a little or would be interested in coming to this, please give me a shout
GF is very flirtatious with another guy that she used to have feelings for. I feel I have a legitmate reason to be concerned, she doesn't agree. Argument broke out, now we're both pissed at eachother.
gf finds it uncomfortable that i moved back to my old city.
Unfortunately abortion is very likely to stay is the U.S.
people on ps4 suck
This album gives me more 808s vibes, and it's not really what I personally was hoping for. This is the sort of thing I was expecting from Kids See Ghosts, except more spacey.
Past relationship made me feel like shit. Now I can't fully enjoy the time with my wonderful new girlfriend, because I have this feeling stuck in me that she could find someone better. This is having an impact on our sex life and I wished I could just relax and enjoy life.
The gist of it is now with Muramasa is that he can trace Divine Constructs but can't utilize it fully without dying.
August Underground offer a unique, almost unwatchable experience in extreme murder. You won't enjoy seeing them, but the pain you feel is the bar being violently lowered, and your tastes recalibrating to account.
metal is probably a better penetrator because it's probably harder than bone, but you want your body to be made of bone.   Source mechanical engineer
Is it weird that my best friend is 7 years younger than me?
Rebroadcasters are good for drops and boring in content, but idk why everyone seems to think that you can't support small streamscommunity faves and ALSO get those resources.
Just promoted to shift and expected to get night crew back into standard.not sure how to do this without being completely hated by other partners.
Paper Tigers is underrated, and it's one of my favorite songs by Adam.
GF gives silent treatment whenever upset because of past near-abusive experiences, BF me needs assistance on helping her.
Directv messed up and will not fix it.
My friend told me I wasn’t dreaming when I asked her in my dream. Is my subconscious just really good at tricking me to keep me in a nightmare?
Coppers have a duty to keep the peace.  And so do you.  And drugs are, at present, illegal.  Exercise common sense and calm the fuck down and everyone will get along.
how do I turn off my ping in HUD
My boyfriend of 6 years is moving to the middle of nowhere, and I've spent a decade climbing to where I am in my career. I don't know what to do.
met a wonderful Christian boy, and the relationship might go somewhere, but I'm scared of ruining it by telling him I'm bi.
Blond Attache is giving the social equivalent of an unlimited amount of social cocaine to a man suffering from depression.
Friend almost killed himself there and now I get anxious every time I see a picture of these Cliffs
Try to get it on PS4 if possible, but either option is fine and yes, get the game
I’d like to find the source material for some of the MCU moviesNetflix series.
I need a smoking device that won't give me a smoke headache and any suggestions on strong ediblestinctures that may help
I don’t want to date a much older, severely mentally challenged man and I feel very conflicted about it.
Not sure how to approach moving out to my Mum without upsetting her. She's been a great Mum my whole life and I feel guilty every time I want to talk to her about it.
I feel weird as fuck after missing a couple of Lamictal doses. Wondering if it's withdrawals or a brain tumor.
I want to try to take a whole year off so I can focus on brining my life back up. I still want to finish my degree and I intend on coming back after a year gap. What is the process of doing this and is this feasibledifficult to pull through?
my reading comprehension needs work
I want to retire at 35 but conventional careers don't make enough money. Any realistic method? Looking to work hard towards them.
please be mindful of people using bigger weapons
Where should a high schooler start looking for their first nice clarinet?
prices need to be lowered to make them viable, but not lowered enough to be considered over powered. Pistol mag prices could be increased in addition to the ammo price changes making them cost a nice amount and not be a throwaway.
Need unique map views for each cell, trying to avoid using too much memory.
Basically, what I'm saying is that it is up to the subscribers to self-police and you shouldn't really worry about these types of comments.   Lots of times it leads to people sharing the correct subreddit, which gives smaller subreddits their deserved attention.
I can’t for sure say that ajatt will work. But I also don’t think there’s harm in trying.  I will continue to study while putting the ajatt method into affect. I just have a right feeling about it.
Take noise complaints up with management if you want something to actually be done about it.
friend is pushing boundaries and I’m not sure what to do about it.
boyfriend's brother kissed me. What should I do?
Apple's 2FA is a goddamned mess. Just the latest Cloud fuck-up on Apple's part.
recently, my boyfriend doesn't kiss me as often as before, yet is still incredibly warm and affectionate with me when i asked him about it, he told me it was because his libido has gone down recently and he thinks it is because of sudden lifestyle changes
Gf and I broke up in a bad way. Things happened that landed me in jail. Im still not over how it happened. Just want closure, not to get back with her.
i want safelite to give me the option to bring my car anywhere i want to get it fixed while having the check covered by them. Though the amount will be equal to the price of the dealership. But safelite at the moment only gives me the option to have it repaired at one place.
Is it even worthwhile to store intravenous fluids in vehicles that will be sitting in the sun and reaching 120F\ temperatures?
tied a rope to my weak sorcerer so the party was able to save me.
Punches and kicks can have more momentum behind them, headbutts are only effective against things less solid than your own skull.
looking for first job at 16, got an interview at Sonic. Did well in the first interview. Gets a 2nd interview just so hiring manager could brag about herself and tell me I didn’t get the job.
I'm good at competitive video games, my friends are not. How do I tell them I don't want to play with them because of this.
Does drinking water contribute to Pulmonary Edema?
Took a photo, everything was crisp and clear earlier but now when i access it it looks blurry and gross.
I m \25 M\ want to know How to build a relationship  . i m not a social  guy i tend to talk with anyone whenever their are reason for talking you may say that i m an introvert . what should i do any suggestions ?
Girlfriend not caring about me being alone and depressed. Asked her about a post she made yesterday. She is mad at me and not talking at all.
what is the personality of the relationship between Jamie and John?
Com. crashes, only stays on for 20-30 minutes after being booted back up.
Insure your keybars even if they never leave your pouch. Bug currently that wipes what you load in with including Pouched items. Only items to survive for me were ones insured and inside of container.
a girl made me cut myself and faked cancer because I wanted to break up
Quit if you want to, but not because of matchmaking. It's not going to be perfect and never will be. Its fine where its at and most complaints about it can be fixed by talking a closer look at ones own gameplay.
Craigslist guy sold me a computer that had been on fire inside without mentioning it.
Guy is way too overly sentimental about a refrigerator.  Looking for advice or suggestions on how to repair a Welbilt W73691 freezer trayreplace coolant sealed system.
this is like what they have in that other game, good job
bf went to see an abusive ex and crossed major relationship boundaries, can I preserve this relationship?
It's better to get 8 hours of sleep then 6 and two.
My best friend seems depressed because of her recent diagnosis of an incurable disease. Why does she seem to be avoiding me and being distant? How can i show that i love her unconditionally?
If an effect has to be manually disabled whenever it's good, it's bad design and should just be removed.
Movie dogs are trained the same way your dog is trick trained. Just more professionally.
I dated guys who were significantly older than me when I was around 17-18. I want to understand what their motivethought process could have been.
Women and men are different in nature and it is okay that society treats women and men differently because of biological differences.
old ram worked only in slot 2 and is now danified, test ram only works in slot 1, but wasn't enough to properly load windows.
I mixed water and boiling oil and created a burning death cloud in my kitchen, burnt my arm and went to the hospital
Tried to clean cat litter room, broke two litter scoops in the process, and exploded a 25lb bag of cat litter all over my feetdrivewaylawn.
it was a stroke of luck, if it hadn't been for my friend this picture wouldn't exist, he was really nice and approachable and I choose to believe that he complimented my pants.
Man pays half in quarters but waits 20 minutes for 4 cents in change.
you won't get to the truth if you are concerned about everyone's feelings all the time and you can't solve stuff if you aren't seeking the truth aka reality
I need a new car. I have 2,900 cash to spend but I'd prefer something in the 5,000-10,000 range that'd be a bit more reliable but dont know how to be financed the money.
Hulk intentionally kept his ability to grow in strength from Thanos in their first meetup, so that this could be used against him in the endgame.
Suggestion Give us more open field maps where teams actually have to fight as an army.  Individual players would therefore have a chance to work together to win, without being isolated all over the battlefield.
Be like the Japanese workers and bust your ass to get ahead. Don't be like millennials and sit around holding your cock waiting for something to happen.
non-white cultures have been penalized legally and socially throughout American History so it feels shitty to see white people who dont even know that what they are wearingdoing is important, get to do so openly, freely, and often times for profit. Its a case by case thing essentially because we can't know everyones background just by looking at them but yeah.
Is spending more money on renting a home over an apartment really worth it?
Guy friend is mean about other guys I'm close to. Is he jealous or just rude in nature?
I want to put on some free shows and start promoting, Does anybody play in a band that would be interested? Or even just wanna help me out see some cool music?   even if your not in a band but play a little or would be interested in coming to this, please give me a shout
My ex broke into my apartment complex, broke my door because I didn’t answer, and is now denying he did it. What can I do?
my boyfriend is amazing and bought us an expensive anniversary dinner. Threw it all up, he doesn't know. Feel horrible guilt and FOMO
my boyfriend always talks about one of my friends and reacted to one of her pictures on Facebook from months ago. It makes me super uncomfortable because I have a weird gut feeling. I’m not sure if it is worth mentioning to him.
Bank closed my CC account and made me forfeit all my accrued cash back rewards with no warning.   other details. I have a checking account with BOA and was doing some cryptocurrency trading on the side. I was fully aware that banks don't like cryptocurrency in general because of the legality grayness, so BOA shutting down my checking account didn't come too much of a surprise. However, they quickly shut down my CC account several days later even though my CC account had nothing to do with cryptocurrency.
Best strategy against tank Nakroth is probably to deal with his teammates first. Nakroth in general is just annoying.
my wife gave me an ultimatum to quit smoking or she would divorce me. I failed.
I am going to propose to my GF right before I leave the country for a year, I am afraid my anxiety and trust issues will destroy my relationship.
Someone in our friend group is a shameless, manipulated thief. Some of my friends still hang out with her. How do I cut her out of my life without loosing my friends?
I know for a fact that I don’t want to stay with my gf for the rest of my life but I still love her. Would it be better to end it all.
If you feel like your doctor isn’t listening to you, please, find a new one!
inches are not practical unless you know them since your first day on Earth
They aren't by any stretch impartial.
being hungry doesn’t mean cico doesn’t work and medications typically don’t make you gain weight, the side effects like hunger can make it difficult to overcome weight loss.
Sorry to all the Americans that would be affected by this but its time for us to stop pulling punches
There are off-campus clinics that are open after-hours, but expect long waiting times and doctors who are very rushed because they have too many patients to see in too little time.
Scarlet Witch is like Sakura. She's super powerful but still completely useless.
never get all your info from the same or too similar websites. It hurts your ability to make an informed decision.
I struggle with depression and very low self esteem. She can look past all that and seems to like me. I am terrified of screwing it all up.   also, this is a throw-away.
Listened to my colleagues sharing the whole range of omni arguments and did not interject. What would you have done?
I react emotionally to most social situations and have really low self-esteem. How do I love — or at least start appreciating — myself a bit more?
I generally would like to feel better, more energetic, more confident so that I can land a job and also feel excited about it. Ps. I’m not on my meds but rather find other ways than meds.
don’t be an asshole, and get the shots.
I love my city and want skeptical outsiders to too!
talk to admissions of the collegeuni that you wanna apply to.
How fast do you hear back so I can know when to sign something off campus?
I like a girl, don't know her, so I'm gonna walk around the school a bunch to to find out where she crosses from class to class. Am I being creepy?
definitely do something to acknowledge her motherly sacrifices no matter where she is in pregnancy.
We don't need Fellaini to stay solely because of budget constraints.
it doesn’t matter if she was being honest the whole time, there was no way to know because Suggestion was one of the last spells cast, minutes before Matt called the game for the week.
What starter spec should I try that is up to shaper viable with ZERO 0 uniques in use?
i like a girl from my tuitions classes ,everything was going well but then she just got mad and ended it
Placements went great. Got ranked at a new career high after an unsure start on PC. Advise for those stuck in lower ranks Be positive and don't be afraid to ask good people not necessarily good players to become friends or team up. It will make the game way more fun.
I see my gf only once a week. Do you think it may be only beacuse she is slowly getting into this relationship, and it will change?
Haven't talked to a girl all semester but want to try and make up for lost time on the last week of classes.
I cheated on my girlfriend at the start of our relationship while on holiday. Biggest mistake I've ever made and I now realise that I love this girl more than anything.
I have just broken up with my girlfriend of 5 years. I feel absolutely horrible and don’t know if I made the right decision.
Call ticket vendor, ask for fee free payment channel, save big monies
Yep.  Canada is real close to a fuck you guys.  This is your problem as much as ours.   Get your asses off the couch and get fixing.
Spend the 10 and get a new nozzle every once in awhile, your prints will thank you for it.
I swapped a 350 pair of glasses for some cheap, made in China 3D glasses
Eloise Marilyn Dunnigan is my favourite.
I don’t feel helpless because if I do my job correctly I  play a major role in helping
we repurposed our busted canopy into a camp shower for the whole group.
Take out the battery, hold the power button, only BIOS and CMOS remain, leaving GPSwireless radio chips with nothing.
Dark Souls 3 is actually an art game.
He's done nothing wrong, but I have this nasty feeling in my chest. What's wrong with me?
I really love the language and I've been diving deeper into grammar whenever i can. I would encourage anyone who enjoys kpop or kvariety to start learning!
hs sound is too loud even at volume 0.01.
Girlfriend broke up after 3 years right before exams and i'm struggling to see the point in life without her, and want advice on whether I should try to fall out of love and if yes how?
Coworker is nice to me and always postpones plans I make with her. How to proceed?
Does anywhere here work in a university? Can I ask how you find it? How competitive are jobs? Salary? What's the worklife balance like?   Thank you!
Vvardenfell is Morrowind, and story goes Base Game gt Craglorn gt Imperial City gt Dark Brotherhood, Thieves Guild and Orsinium order doesn't really matter gt Morrowind gt Clockwork City gt Summerset  btw, sorry for formatting, on mobile   Hope I was of help! D
The reality of Autism isn't like the movies or media often portrays. It is exceedingly rare for an Autistic person to be a secret genius, or savant. Most don't reach the level of neurotypical peers. On top of that there's often serious problem behaviors that need intervention.
Is there a proven commission-based comp plan for an inventory manager?
The Americans i.e. our military strategists fucked up.  We wildly underestimated the success of the rebellion and what it wanted remove Saddam, while at the same time their objectives were well beyond our own remove Saddam from Kuwait.  Hence, we decided to hedge our bets and preserve a strongman.
Coconut oil has the highest saturated fat.
There's no limit to the amount of data you can receive, but there is a finite limit to the amount of bandwidth the network has available at any given time.
Religion is important to them because they want someone who shares their beliefs and practices. Considering that they might be getting into a serious relationship, that's pretty important.   Taking the most extreme and most obvious viewpoint doesn't really prove anything.
What weapon loadout would you recommend for corvette ? I'm looking to get better with fixed weapons !
Its not clear to me how fit in terms of school strength plays a role given that the top 10 schools can all get you where you want to go. Any folks here have examplesadvice? For example, should a student turn down Booth for say Haas or Anderson if they were interested in technology?
Boyfriend shared location with me recently, and I feel weird about it. Not sure if I should say something to him, or just let it be?
I've been with one dude, kissed two, both sucked. Is there any hope for a 27-year old woman who doesn't know how to be good at and enjoy physical stuff with other people?
Substitute wanted to get a boy to ask a girl out in the front office
Want to know what netting I should put over a greenhouse frame as glass is brokenmissing
please be careful driving in the structures. If you have a loud exhaust, please be courteous to people walking and try not to destroy our ears and set off alarms. Just don’t be a dickhead in general.
I was kind of oblivious to the fact that my two coworkers are having an affair. I had a suspicion that they were attracted to each other, but I thought the next thing I'd be hearing from my friend would be something like they were flirting or starting to hang out after hours or something.not a full 180 where they have actually done stuff.  And I mean maybe she didn't say anything because she knew I'd try and stop it before it went further, but I'm still surprised I didn't really catch there was more going on before she said something. I consider myself to be a very observant person who catches most things so I'm just kind of shocked and now I'm second guessing the assumptions I have about the people I interact with on a professional level.  Maybe you guys can just share stories about how you're married and don't cheat.?
my fiancé has extreme anxiety, i find myself not wanting to have sex with her after she has a near-daily crisis, and I don’t know how to go about remedying this. Any input is appreciated.
I love keto food, I eat a lot of it, and I understand how I’ve stayed so lean now
Should I push myself to have sex for the first time or accept that I'll have sex when the time is right? How should I go about either.
Broke up with girlfriend because she accused me of cheating, assumed I was doing things on the side and I did nothing right. Got back together now what?
I have head scabs wound and I need help. They're beginning to make me paranoid thinking if I have dandruff.
what are some “self care” type things you’ve used that help you focus when you’d rather stay in bed and hide from the world and severely waning motivation in a crucial time? My trusty go-tos haven’t been helping me cope and I need help powering through. Thoughts?
the world's a complicated pile of shit with a lot of moving parts. If you want to change machine, focus on influencing the parts.
Undiagnosed Adult with 30 on the horizon, feeling very down and beaten with the state of my mind. Not sure what to do, would like some support
My girlfriends mum does not allow her to date me because of our religious differences, we want to find a way to convince my girlfriends mum to allow us to datewhat do we do in this situation to convince my girlfriends mum to allow us to date?
My dog seems sad but I don't know if it's just me, or if she really is.
falling in love with my best friend but don't really know how to her with out losing her
How can you get anything done. Feels like I've lived it. but I still have to do it. Tick tock.  Your brain is to fast for whats NOW.
Women kick ass, any others in masonry, and how do I take care of my hair?
Mind played tricks on me and made me think my phone was in my pocket. Phone actually fell 3 stories and was very much dead.
Girl I'm seeing and I are on different pages about what we want, but enjoy each other's company.
my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me and I am having the hardest time of my life, miss her more than anything , need help deciding how to handle her calling and texting me
college student on finals week need to ace her finals so she won’t get kicked out of engineering program. meds are barely helping what are some habits i should implement to boost academic performance?
I’ve been seeing large amounts of hate from outside fanbases about our draft and offseason in general and have felt nothing but enjoyment out of the idea that they have no idea what is about to hit them come the Fall.
I'm a man that likes a meaty, detail-rich, grounded setting, and it might just be that was diametrically opposed to how the author wanted to tell the story, which was from the very narrow perspective of the protagonists journal.
I'm looking for a new apartment. Apartments are expensive. GF offered to move in together to split rent. That would happen around our 1 year anniversary. I have no reason to doubt the relationship right now, but it's just a scary  serious decisions. Not sure how to approach it.
I had trusted someone with unlimited access to my account, and they used it to expose me. In hindsight, it was the best thing to happen to me.
I miss my ex sometimes and wonder how she’s doing. Initiating a conversation with her would likely undo a year of effort in moving on and about five months of no contact, but it makes me sad because I feel like I’m abandoning a friend. Just looking for no contact support and maybe experiences with similar internal struggles.
I said I wasn't going to be his rebound and he said, You're not a rebound at all, I already did that.
infected fish spread the disease in fish tanks, peepers carrying enzyme 42 can heal them.
My boyfriend seems very apprehensive toward taking the next step in our relationship despite making it clear that he does want a long term relationship with me.
Girl I'm seeing is affectionate in person but has gotten cold in texts. Haven't heard back from her in 2 days even though she said she wouldn't ghost me I trust her. Not sure what to do.
The MCU is god damn treasure.
After losing someone you thought was the one, do you feel like a certain part of you had to settle to be happy with someone else?
We want to split house chores between us halfhalf but we can't put this in a satisfying system for us and we often argue about this.
maeve is the only fully sentient being, and i feel this way because of the way she speaks.
there is a girl i like i told her,we didn't had future so i asked her to stay friends,friends give occasional advice but tease me but it hurts.asking for next move.
even in a game mode encouraging you to put shitty minions in your deck she is still too shitty.
If I'm just going to a store to try on dresses to essentially make one myself what is the best way to do that?
Does anyone have ideas on how to avoid players catching on, when asking for information required to spring traps or surprises?
MCU started having a power creep and the Hulk is the biggest loser. He is no longer the strongest Avenger. He has not won a meaningful fight for years. Because of this he refuses to come out. And if he did he would not make any difference.
going clean doesn't always address the underlying stressors leading to drug use
Teenagers can drive from 16 onward. Some of them drive like idiots, but not all of them.
My ex and I are hanging out again after breaking up months ago. It’s like we never even broke up, but we don’t have that title anymore and he refers to me as his exgf but he still tells me he loves me. Am I wasting my time or will he come around?
I like the switch but hate capitalism.
let the dog mature before spaying, they need the full run of hormones to grow up properly. .
The girl I slept with started dating another guy. How do I get over her?
move on before you find yourself owing more money.
as a philosophy you're right, but in practice nationalism tends to go with a whole bunch of not-so-great war-causing things.
Got a US phone and I'm in Mexico, broke it, can't get it fixed here, too dangerous to go to the US, I want to mail it for repairs.
team focused on technology with strong use case. Non hype non shill. You need patience to hold this.
People thought there was evidence of a Satanic cult in the woods behind my elementary school, but it was really just edgy artwork.
