I realise the ethical implications but I believe it is only the case if we don't also change the negative stigma surrounding these subjects. I think that being separated from the population could be a big help in keeping the infected to themselves but that might create a leper effect. I cannot condemn anyone who wants children but people with a history of these diseases should adopt instead.
I think that Google has greatly contributed in making us more intelligent both as individuals and as a society. I think that by having access to such a large bank of knowledge at any time, we are more easily educated as individuals than back in the days when you needed to search everything in books.
The belief that America is uniquely free leads to dogmatism and refusal to accept criticism from other countries. The American dream does not exist except for the very lucky or the existing rich. It encourages people to look down on those who cannot financially support themselves by imagining a falsehood that anybody can be rich.
I believe private health care is good for our society. I believe the more people use the private system, the better the public system will become. I am a physician by trade and have been involved in health care for more than 30 years. I have a passion for health care and want to help people in need.
More introverted people tend to be smarter. I care about IQ because intelligence and education are key to success. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. And also, please change my view of they don't have lower IQ's. What is it that causes it?
In game currency is a staple of any progressive RPG. They aren't actually evil or bad. The critique it received is ridiculously over blown and not actually discussed. If something is designed in an ecosystem, that thing is part of the game and it isn't possible to simply assume that its removal would benefit players.
I believe that its just in human nature that people are or act with violence, regardless of reason. I think the reason people say its getting worse is because news is traveling faster and farther through the generations. I hold this view because though history we can see that people have always been this way, not all people but some.
As long as your point is understood by others I don't see why it needs to be perfect. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. I'm all for proper spelling and grammar in formal settings and believe it's important.
Pity is just a way to elevate one's ego. There is little value in the concept and behaviour of sympathy pity. Emotional Pain avoidance is what dominates immature psyches. Growing up as a child, I learned ethics and morality from the people around me. It's the worst kind of self exaltation and moral high horsery.
I believe a fetus is alive from conception, but does not represent a human life until the 6 week mark. To change my view, I imagine you'd have to make the case that a fetus represents human life either earlier or later than the time I gave. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
I understand that there are concerns that when a computer decides the districts the computer programmer decides the elections. However this seems like a foolish reason to not try to find a rational, objective, and most importantly transparent method to decide districts in the fairest possible way. Some good links from some good people.
There's clearly a link. However, this observation does have a strong impact on my beliefs surrounding, for example, how harshly pedophiles should be punished with death. That's still over 14 times what we would expect given the assumption that gay or bisexual men rape as often as heterosexual men. Note that this has little bearing on my feelings about how gays should be treated.
I don't see much of any downsides to this other than ohhhh it's dangerous. That still leaves me with 250,000. Speaking of which, downvotes don't change views. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics first.
The problem is that generally people think they know a lot more than they really do. So in order to not be hypocritical we should not simply make fun of those with conflicting beliefs. For practical purposes we can show that the earth is is much older than 6,000 years old, but most people who subscribe to this belief cannot. Scientists who have studied the earth can.
The current way is just completely misleading. I see nothing wrong with this in fact it is a more responsible reward structure for a lot of people. What I take issue with is that the prize is advertised as the sum of these payments. Speaking of which, downvotes don't change views.
There is absolutely no educational benefit from attending a university with students of certain racial backgrounds. Admissions decisions should be based solely on merit, says the professor. He says there is no need to have students from certain backgrounds at a university. The professor says there are no benefits to having students from a certain racial background at the university.
The subject itself doesn't have be interesting in a vacuum to be the focal point of a good movie. There are a lot of movies that I know are good that I just don't enjoy much and that's fine. I'm just baffled that I seem to be one of the rare few that feels this way about the movie.
I think it’s completely fair that we consider healthy looking individuals more attractive. The only way to prevent my “able privilege’ would be to reduce everyone to the lowest common ability, which is absurd. Like it or not, obesity has many health risks associated with it.
This is literally abuse of the review system, the whole point of a review is to communicate your experience with the product. This is in many ways a form of virtue signalling for gamers. This isn't just about that instance, but it is the one most fresh in my head.
i wish everybody would stop crying about death and start celebrating it that they dont have to suffer anymore and they moved to the next state of energy in the universe. the arguments against suicide is incoherent at best it doesnt matter if it hurts somebody else, its not your choice it theirs.
Usually racist viewpoints include a target race, but in this one, the target race are all other races. The race that has the highest rate of this viewpoint is the most racist of all. I'm still happy to continue the discussion, however, as long as we're talking about it.
An entire branch of feminism believes that men have a higher capacity to work and are therefore at an advantage in a capitalist society. This needs to be prefaced by saying that all of this is based on averages, not individuals. Due to the biological, sociological, and psychological factors that women face, they are on average less suited to performing excessive labour.
The word has a long history of hatred and use to disparage and put down black people. I know one of the main arguments for its use is to take the power away from the word and give it to the people it was originally targeting. While I can see the logic in this, I don't think it has worked.
I've been thinking about the difference between humans and animals, and the best way I've been able to differentiate is in intellect. The only 'right' we have to consume or subjugate other creatures is either because we can, or because they are fundamentally different than ourselves.
Life's not fair is an infuriating, inaccurately applied platitude used to enforce untoward authority over the child. It may be implicitly or explicitly founded on a belief that the child will not mature unless s he learns to accept that unfair things will happen in this life. But the vast majority of the time this is not a wise, tough love exercise.
I see sex as your biological predisposition, based on your chromosomes, your reproductive organs, and your general body structure and features. In my eyes, there are essentially 3 options for sex male, female, and intersex. The only thing that can change this is sex reassignment surgery. Small variations between people shouldn't necessitate new words or classifications.
The University of California is the best public or even overall university system in the US and in the entire world. Undergrads can get a world class education at any of the UC campuses. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics first.
This is sexist against females and does not help their cause for equality, etc. I don't trust that boy you're seeing. The solution is for them to protect her. Some girls are naive. That deserves all the help that the victim can get. Some would be boyfriends are complete assholes that do not deserve to date this specific girl.
I believe that women and men have the same right to be in the military, but I believe that they should be separated. I once talked to an army veteran who said that romantic relationships interfered with their ability to focus and and fight. This is a footnote from the CMV moderators. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
It seems like they're just obfuscating the count for the sake of doing it. To use their example, I don't see a scenario where the system is any less vulnerable to spam bots etc by having a submission show a score of 23 21 as opposed to 12 10.
This is a footnote from the CMV moderators. Simply put, I feel that other species shouldn't have to put up with our shit. All of the dominant systems around the world are built on the exploitation of nature. It feels like the only way for the natural world to recover is if humanity were to go extinct itself.
I don't agree with advertising public areas as gun free zones. Animals that can threaten your crops, your family’s life, and your life. You don’t have to deal with that problem in large cities. What would the utility be of the firearm?
My basic premise is that cultural appropriation is not wrong but neither is trying to stop others from doing it. The real Apple is not seeing money out of this, nor are they selling these products because they are about technology. I recognize that some people find culture appropriation offensive, and therefore would not partake in it myself, but I really see no harm in using another culture as costume.
The Christian notion that god created the universe, to me, would come attached with a serious moral failing. All of these highly accredited and logical arguments provide considerable indictment of gods decision to create the world. I would love to have them challenged and argued against. These are my guiding intuitions when it comes to religion.
In a democracy, there is no legitimate ruler other than those who are supposed to be ruled the people. Democratic politicians have no such leeway, theoretically, because they are not supposed to have any. There is a built in totalitarian streak in the democratic politician's mentality.
In my ideal world, people who get caught selling or in possession of any controlled substance should not go to a jail. I understand that health professionals cost money, but so do inhumane private prisons. However, I understand the fact that addiction is crippling, and I believe that people should be evaluated by health professionals.
I believe that Trump is a strong figurehead for our nation, and provides excellent negotiating tactics. The only thing I disagree with him on, economically speaking, is lowering our defense budget. I do not support the wall that is often brought up as a laughingstock of the campaign. Everywhere I go I hear about how racist Donald is in his rhetoric and action.
I personally believe the word is not inherently as gross or disgusting as people make it out to be especially in the grand scheme of the English language. gt This is a footnote from the CMV moderators. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
Argument for pi is like arguing to use the diameter in place of the radius. Tau measures a full turn, which I think makes angle measurements far more intuitive. In math education, making the transition from degrees to radians is difficult. I see no reason to measure angles as multiples of a half turn.
Having a dog can prepare you in some ways for a child. A dog with good discipline will have been trained within a year or two. A child will always be in need of direction and nurturing. You learn communication with your SO and also how to express thoughts on how it should be raised.
I feel like a lot of this focus on income inequality is just naked envy. A bit of a philosophical point, granted, but I see this a lot from those on the left. I'm trying not to generalize here, because we obviously don't live in that society. There are legitimate complaints about our tax codes and class attitudes.
A minority of officers abuse their power and get away with it. Police as a whole must be held to a much higher standard than average citizens. Most are just good men and women trying to do a hard job. This, in my opinion, is the only way to protect citizens from abuse of power.
The government of any nation should be there primarily for its citizens. I feel as if the government should also attempt to keep all of its citizens as equal as possible. I'm not talking about forced equality like communism, but at the very least I feel like there should be something done to allow everyone the same opportunities.
I'm torn between both sides because I feel both are justified in what they're doing to a point. All of these people's perceptions on the issue lead me to think that they're blindly following their faith. So that would be my perception of the issue. Am I not seeing some part of this that would convince me to support somewhat one side more than the other?
I would much rather choose life over limb. This is just dumb. I'm all for doing these things assuming you have the time to. Secondly, I think that closing the blinds doesn't really help.  I would muchRather choose life than limb. I would rather choice life over limbs.
I agree that reform is needed. But I don't think the undemocratic nature of the HoL is a serious threat to the democratic integrity of the UK. I think having theHoL as a check on the Commons is useful, and at the end of the day, is good for our country.
Overall, I don’t think it’s likely at all that Nazis will ever come to power and take over America in the next hundred years. Like, I suppose it�s true but the chances of it actually being an issue are laughably small.
The best possible solution would be for a nuclear war that allows us to go back to the Middle Ages technology wise and start from scratch. Re industrialising based on what we already know works in the short run but is destructive in the long run vs. what is actually good and sustainable.
I don't understand where the issue is with a future with no disabilities or genetic diseases. I don't know what other issue there might be with them if no one is getting an unfair advantage.  I don’t understand what else is going on with them.
"Nothing is objectively right. The things we say are right are the things championed by the strongest" says former President George W. Bush. "Nothing is objective. Nothing is right," he adds. "The things we think are right... are not objectively right." "The thing we say is right is the things we believe are right," Bush adds.
I think that Republicans are right to worry about the deficit and that the government should attempt to lower it's GDP to debt ratio. I see almost no economic disadvantage to raising this taxes on the wealthy. There is a good argument for lowering the corporate tax rate, as it is fairly easy to legally avoid by simply moving a corporation out of the country.
I think that it is completely contradictory to say on the one hand that a woman can get an abortion because a fetus isn't a living being yet, and then to say that it's murder if someone else kills a fetus. I realize that in these scenarios the situation for the pregnant woman and the murderer are not the same. I still think killing a fetus is a terrible deed, and I acknowledge that it should be punished.
I really dislike the people who run twitch atm. Twitch is once again showing how immature their policies are regarding how they handle dealing with a big streamer they have banned. This is a footnote from the CMV moderators. This actually bothers me quite a bit. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
Is there really a lack of evidence with which to dismiss them or are proponents of the mainstream just doing a bad job responding to these hacks? If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics first. Speaking of which, downvotes don't change views.
"The flag represents that we are free. If you do not think you are free, you should go talk to the men and women that fight for our freedom everyday," he said. "You have the right to think that," he added. "If you don't think that, you are not free"
There is a bit of social stigma attached to being adopted. It's nice to offer an orphan a new home and family, but I still think of adopting a kid from a difference race and country as unethical. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics first.
I think we all come with an ingrained and learned tribal herd morality that persists because it makes us more likely to thrive. But I don't think there's something objectively wrong with anything we find bad. It's just that we don't want it to be bad for us.
I'd like to be persuaded that I should be equally or more concerned with politically correct excess. To me, criticisms of political correctness often function as a way of avoiding conversations about social injustice and make the conversation one about form rather than content. While I agree with these concerns, I have a hard time taking them too seriously.
I believe that an effective use of breaking the individual completely, as in basically turning him into mush to be molded back into a functional member of society would work better than the current system. I grew up knowing lots of people who ended up becoming hardcore criminals. I truly believe the current prison system is far too soft on these people.
This article is about rape and victim blaming. It does not encompass the entirety of my belief, only a familiar framework within which to work. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. The way we use language, the concept of being fully responsible makes it seem so, but I believe that a victim can be partially at fault.
I disagree with modern liberal policies as well, although I support them because, again, I agree generally with the goals. I find that liberalism as defined here has a tendency to invert itself into a form of authoritarianism. I think that we should simply remove all laws legislating marijuana. If I recall correctly, this is the key point that separates liberals from libertarians, but I wouldn't quite describe myself as a libertarian either. That's what I'm getting at.
It's not about believing what you are told, its about thinking critically. I can't think of any case where an organized religion encourages free thinking. If children were never taught about religion until the age of 18 and were taught to think critically about everything to only believe what there is sufficient evidence for then that religion would be far less popular.
I don't understand how anyone could like beer. I feel like it's a social stigma to not like beer and people are peer pressured subconsciously and not so subconsciously sometimes to make themselves think they like it. I don't know how you can like beer without drinking it.
I think this rule is dumb and protectionist. Downvotes don't change views. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics first. For more information on the CMV, visit: www.cven.org.uk.
Donating to animal charities and causes is equally as important as human causes and charities. I think money can be spent on trying to help poor people through welfare or helping recovering addicts or abuse victims. This feeling I have does not prove that it is beneficial or even nearly as important to donate to animal causes compare to human causes.
"I always hear praise for Snowden for telling us how our own government watches us and everything and I agree that it's beneficial" "What I don't understand and don't agree with is how people think it's good or simply overlook that he also revealed how we monitor Germany, China, etc.
I think that since we have evolved to our state in the animal kingdom by eating both meat and vegetables, there is nothing wrong with eating meat. I think hunting animals and smaller farming should be the norm. Unfortunately, capitalism has aided in creating a way to efficiently produce more meat for profit, rather than need.
Throughout American history, the South has been a drag on social, political and economic progress. Sometimes it seems you can gauge the arc of history just by looking at what the South opposes. This includes a focus on agrarian focused economic policies think the Jefferson vs Hamilton debates. The United States is a prosperous, advanced nation despite containing backwards southern states.
I believe that medical marijuana should be legal, but it should be significantly more regulated and not for recreational use. Drugs are not always the answer. Keep this in mind when making your analogies. If you require drugs to enjoy yourself in social situations then you have issues that should be sorted out with a therapist.
The reason a post makes it to the front page is because people vote it there. I saw the very same post a month or two ago. And when the time comes that I see an unoriginal post, I don't freak out. To think that because I saw something one month ago that nobody is allowed to enjoy it today is astonishingly arrogant.
I feel that it is far better to have switches for the room located inside of the room than outside. This is a footnote from the CMV moderators. Please read through our rules. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
Best to look forward to new forms, and not to follow the fad. Speaking of which, downvotes don't change views. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics first. For more information on how to submit your own CMV click here.
There is little to no evidence that they are a native american tribe at all. I would like to see any evidence that a single indigenous language was spoken by all lumbee at some point. To sum it up there is no basis for them to be properly considered a tribe eligible for federal recognition.
I feel like because it's female driven and because its about women's empowerment, that's why people praise it. It's like all these introverted streaming comedies are not as good as people think they are. Most Netflix original shows with a few exceptions are really dry and boring.
I want to believe that love is on firmer ground than it really is. I believe it can be very beneficial to someone who is prepared for it. When we are falling in love, it becomes very difficult to tell which of our thoughts have merit. I love feeling good treating someone so well. Simply because it is a unique mind state to inhabit and I want to hold it in higher regard.
The answer to that question is immediately transparent if you look at the picture. Intent is always presumed, and it is not necessary to prove that the defendant intended to defame. I'm not even pro life but the intellectual dishonesty in this scare piece seems like a clear cut case of libel to me.
Suffering is something we do by choice not by compulsion. Freedom gives us that choice. Goal driven behavior drives positive action. We must be free from attachments to be free to choose the right action. Please help me come to grips with this supposed knowledge of suffering.
Our education system, in it's current form, is quite redundant, and carries a high level of unnecessary expenses. If education was fully privatized, it would have happened already. So you would still have public tutoring centers that are available to help students. This process could be streamlined in the form of video content.
There needs to be a fine line of dress code in the work place if there wants to be equality for all employees. My point is make up is used to only to LOOK morr attractive than another coworker which makes looks a competition. There is the fight for equality but I feel women have more rights than men.
CNBC moderators were biased and out of line, says CMV. I believe that the moderators asked some real substantial questions to which most republicans didn't have a proper answer to. Anyhow, I don't want to know whether democrats are more electable than republicans.
I understand that encouraging people to discover Names is highly important to progress and to the defense of the Untied States. So is enforcing copyright by military force rather than by fines. I think this specific restriction on UNSONG should have minimal impact on profits and on Name discovery, while saving numerous lives.
I feel that it can at least sometimes be perceived as a cheap way earning praise for very little. Make it a rule that unless sacrifice of some sort factors into your gift, you are not being generous. You absolutely are and clearly those who have more and give very little of it help finance things more than a collective of persons with meager wealth.
I'm open minded however and would like my viewpoint challenged. gt This is a footnote from the CMV moderators. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.  I would like to make it clear that I am not a member of the Royal Family.
There is nothing inherently unpredictable about two cells compared to one cell. Perhaps you would argue that quantum randomness comes into play, but I would like to convince you that if the atom has a number of outcomes, and it chooses one at random, this is no different than pre determinism.
Our understanding of him is limited to our perception of his existence, which is not the universal actuality of reality. If he is a superpower who is above us, his divinity would require much more complex avenues of display which would be beyond us. Therefore either his existence and our understanding of it is a figment of our imagination or simply flawed.
As tragic and awful an event as it was, I am of the opinion that with more unrestricted access to firearms there could have been a significantly higher number of casualties. I don't intend to come across as compelling everyone to think of the children, it was a more a case of explaining and contextualising my opinion.
I believe that it benefits me to be this way, and should not be interpreted as a negative quality. The whole concept of capitalism reflects around the notion that opportunity exists and is there for the taking. Being an immigrant further solidifies my belief that being an opportunist is a good thing.
I support animal rights and am fully aware of the health benefits of going vegan, but I haven't been able to move past this one yet. I need help. Please read through our rules. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
I believe this is what creates progress and makes living worthwhile. I'm not binding this to any specific subject intentionally. I'd like to know if you think there are cases where quantity matters more except cases where you have a lot of people needing some limited resource. When one is producing work, one should always go for quality rather than quantity.
The point is reducing harm as much as possible. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. I'm not saying addiction per se is good or bad. If nicotine is any example, drug addiction does not need to cost society more than the costs of such therapy.
MRActivists seem to focus far less on actually solving problems than airing their grievances and complaining about feminism. To say that women have a lot more problems so men's issues aren't important is like saying that discrimination against blacks is the worst racism in the US so discrimination against any other minority is unimportant.
I can sort of understand the argument that we should get to know each other, that way there will be fewer wars bad blood between us, but I can assure you that doesn't seem to be happening. Speaking of which, downvotes don't change views. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics first.
The question of child support made me think of this. In addition this isn't only about parentage. I understand that the others shouldn't be held responsible. But it isn't immediately obvious that the person who is the biological father should. Of course this is an oversimplification, but I am not clear where I stand on the issue. Sometimes I recognise it is the only possible way to do things.
I am only not convinced that a medical background check is reasonable. The only fair a just way to take away someones rights. I think that a bureaucratic group lacks this public oversight. I do think that judges can and should take away you right to own a gun.
Focusing on my breath implies a judgment that my current behavior is wrong in some way. I'm not at all educated about aspects in Buddhist or Hindu religions. I don't think people can possibly be doing what they think they're doing. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.
Anti pouching initiative is hypocrisy in itself. One, it does not make the existence of mankind better. How are poachers more morally and ecologically irresponsible than hunters? It is a moral and ethical failure to protect the environment. It is also an ecologically and moral failure to hunt.
Volunteer work is great for people who are searching for careers and looking to beef up their resume. I understand that the idea of volunteer work is to provide work and not ask anything in return. Volunteerism, however great in theory, is completely wrong and should be illegal.
I believe we do expect less from each other as we expect more from technology.  I do understand that this is obviously more of a Western civilisation process or at least occurring in developed countries only. This adequately sums up my view in the sense that I think it is correct.
I assume the same will happen for Blood Heir, which should be fresh for those of you who follow the YA world. I don't have issues with sensitivity reads for purely research purposes. As far as I can tell, a sensitivity reader is a literary editor who flags controversial content, specifically on issues like race, religion, etc, for possible revision.
I think they should be taken seriously, but they should not get media attention until a case is actually made. I don't care what percentage of them are true, innocent till proven guilty is a thing. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
