There's a lot of talk in the media about how violent crime in the Western world has gone down, but I don't think that's true.
Here are some of the reasons why I think the US voting system is bad for public discourse.
Fifa, the body that organizes the World Cup, is an evil organisation.
If you want to help someone who can't be helped, then abandon them.
Dystopian society is coming, according to the author of The Hunger Games, George Orwell.
A few weeks ago I wrote about the pros and cons of having a zipper on a onesie.
I am a big fan of credit unions, but I am also a huge fan of banks.
I am a big fan of Critical Race Theory (CRT) but I have a problem with the way it has been used to define the word “racism”.
I'm from Spain and I'm a political junkie, so I've been thinking a lot about how to improve democracy in my country.
If you have a pet dog or a pet reptile, bird or rodent that you allow to run away, do you worry about them coming back?
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker, and bloggers, filmmaker, and columnist Michael Moore explains why internet debating is wrong.
As a former member of the Confederate States of America, I would like to make it clear that Confederate memorials have no place in the United States.
There has been a lot of debate about whether or not the CEO of Wal Mart should be allowed to pick a random ethnic minority to work at his store.
Liberalism is dying out in the UK because of the rise of conservatism.
I know I'm wrong, but I don't know why.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers why abortion should be legal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the future of undergraduate education.
I don't think the military draft is unconstitutional, but I think it is a form of slavery.
As part of our series of letters from the public, we asked some of our readers what they thought about Americans and math.
In our series of letters from African journalists, South African film-maker and columnist CMV asks:.
Kurds and the Syrian regime are unlikely to work together, at least not at first.
I'm from the United States, and I live in the state of California.
Delta, a father of a baby girl, has been sharing his views on whether or not he should have his baby's ears pierced.
The moderators of some subreddits have changed the karma system on self posts.
I've been thinking a lot about religion over the past few months, and I've come up with a few different ways to view it.
After the election of Donald Trump as US President, I’m worried about the future of politics in the United States.
Here are some of the best examples of professional musicians who do not need a conductor.
This is the first post I have written since I was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis (CMV).
People who have post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) should not be using the word "triggered" in the context of their condition, a woman has said.
If you want to know how to rig a tournament, here's a good place to start.
I don't know why I am so convinced that Kantian ethics is correct.
People who post pictures of their pets doing ordinary things, and then make up a caption that enhances the picture, are misrepresenting the animal.
This week I'm going to be talking about tampon taxes.
This is my take on the gender spectrum and how it varies from culture to culture.
If I'm going to buy something, I want to know that it's going to be good for me.
In this article I'm going to look at why American television networks make remakes of other English speaking shows.
As part of our series of letters from Kotaku readers, one of them is from a man who has spent the last decade playing World of Warcraft (WoW).
If you want to know what it's like to be in a relationship with a man, just ask them.
So I'm a socialist and I'd like to know what you think.
I'm 23 years old, I live with my parents, I have cerebral palsy and I'm an introvert.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the dark side of technology.
The Shape of Water, directed by Guillermo del Toro, should not have won an Oscar.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, filmmaker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the arguments for and against abortion.
In the wake of Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election, I've been thinking about what kind of country we should live in.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo asks why pets are put down and why humans are not.
I don't see the issue with Google launching a search engine in China as an ethical issue.
As part of our series of letters from African journalists, I've been looking at the difference between a democracy and a dictatorship.
White Nationalism and White Supremacy are not the same thing.
The third season of Game of Thrones has been the worst so far.
If you’re a parent of a young child and you want to talk about screen time, here’s a good place to start.
There has been a lot of talk about how the US government is monitoring what people do online.
Voting is like buying a lottery ticket but with a lower probability of winning and a lower reward There are times when your vote can matter more.
I'm an infaliable human, hence I post this here to make sure my reasoning's cogent.
I am a member of the Lawn Bowlers United Party (LBUP) and I will be voting for them in the general election.
This is a parable from the Gospel of Matthew, which I think is very relevant to our time.
inaction is a word that's been used to describe people who do nothing to help those who are in need.
This week we are going to change the way we rate comments on social media.
The 2016 Democratic Primaries were tainted by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee (DNC).
This post has been downvoted by a bunch of triggered americans who can't take criticism of their almighty invisible hand.
As part of our series of letters from African-Americans, one of our readers has sent in a question about the right to bear arms.
So, here's my question for you,CMV:.
In the future, the world will be a very different place than it is now.
In our series of letters from European journalists, film-maker and columnist Manuel Varela looks at the potential for transnational lists in European elections.
Transgender surgery is the 21st Century Lobotomy.
People have been sharing their experiences of child tantrums on social media in the hope that it will help others.
As part of our series of letters from the public, one reader has sent in a complaint about a restaurant in Londonderry.
Austerity as a reactionary economic model poses no risks to those Governments that have adopted it.
I'm a US citizen, and I've been thinking about what I would do if I were in charge of running the country.
The recent increase in the price of Daraprim, a drug used to treat a rare disease called Toxoplasmosis, has made me question why pharmaceutical companies can charge such exorbitant prices.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether or not there should be a "no tolerance" policy for bullying.
The city of New York should knock down housing projects that are now in expensive neighborhoods, as it ruins the character of a neighborhood.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, rapper and singer CM Punk takes a swipe at the stupid.
The term TERF is a political slur by definition, according to the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and film-maker Farai Sevenzo looks at why some people say Don't care.
In the wake of Donald Trump's comments about a US judge's Mexican heritage, some people have been quick to jump to the conclusion that his comments were racist.
Prop 13 is a ballot measure in California that would limit property tax to 1% of the value of the property when it is sold or newly constructed upon.
Mike Milbury and Ron Artest should have had charges pressed against them when they went into the stands to assault fans.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the dangers of child abuse on TV.
I would like to know why I am so afraid of Donald Trump becoming president of the United States.
With less than a week to go until the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary on the same day Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are both in the running for the Republican nomination.
If you’re going to say that just being alive is enough, your going to have to explain why.
A few of you have responded to my post on the History subreddit in which I suggested that history courses should be scrapped.
I've been reading a lot of posts on Reddit this week about 'clickbait' headlines.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, filmmaker, and columnist, I would like to address the issue of whether or not neoliberalism has done more harm than good for mankind.
Nationalism is irrational, because it is based on an irrational belief that something good can come from it.
I've had many people try to convince me we have free will by using emotionally charged arguements such as So, Hitler wasn't wrong because he didn't have any agency.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why some people think travelling is a hobby.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the impact of having a live audience on presidential debates.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why British jihadists should face treason charges.
I'm a 20 something male living in New York City, and I'm looking for a roommate.
The victim of the Henrietta Lacks murder case has written to the BBC asking for her DNA to be removed from the crime scene.
In our series of letters from African-Americans, novelist and writer Charlotte Bronte talks about her struggle with depression.
Pete Rose should be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame, despite the fact that he admitted to match fixing.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Donald Trump's claim that his wealth and fame make him sexually attractive to women.
Shawshank Redemption is one of those movies that has been called the greatest movie of all time.
I've been getting a lot of questions about whether or not Donald Trump is a racist.
As part of our series of letters from African-Americans, one man has been sharing his views on the minimum wage in the US.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo takes a look at some of the issues faced by farmers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the issue of food quality.
"There is no such thing as a true democracy."
