I would like to see more people with a history of sexually transmitted diseases adopt children.
Do you think Google has made us more intelligent?
Donald Trump's claim that America is "the greatest country in the world" is a lie.
How do you feel about the idea that people should be allowed to use the private health care system rather than the public system?
I believe that extraversion also leads to a lower IQ while more introverted people tend to be smarter. I believe that extraversion also leads to a lower IQ while more introverted people tend to be smarter.
There has been a lot of discussion around Loot boxes in World of Warcraft. The problem is that the discourse around Loot boxes exists with people that aren't willing to actually engage with the ecosystem that the game built to house that design decision.
What do you think about the idea that violence is getting worse?
I'm all for proper spelling and grammar in formal settings and believe it's
Sympathy pity is nothing more than a form of egocentrism.
I'd like to change my view on abortion.
I am writing to express my support for the idea of computer-controlled elections.
Is there a link between being gay and being raped?
I've had a couple of downvotes on my CMV, so I'm going to have to make a new one.
There are a lot of people who think they know a lot more than they really do.
What do you think should be the way prize money is awarded in CMV?
No university should admit a student on the basis of his or her race.
I don't understand the appeal of Spotlight.
What do you think is wrong with valuing health, ability, and beauty?
I've never seen anything quite like it.
This is what i think about suicide.
This is a racist viewpoint.
In the past few weeks, I have been accused of being a socialist feminist because of my views on the pay gap between men and women.
I'm writing to say that I don't agree with the use of the word "n-word" by President Obama.
This week I've been working on a project for my MA in philosophy.
Life's not fair is an infuriating, inaccurately applied platitude used to enforce untoward authority over the child.
What do you think is the most important difference between sex and gender? That doesn't change anything about your physiology, so the world shouldn't have to classify you any differently, and we shouldn't need new words and terms to talk about new gender expressions if that means there are infinite words we might
The University of California is the best public or even overall university system in the US and in the entire world.
What do you think should be done to stop boys from dating girls? Boys and girls should be dating because at least there's a principle that we assume that guys and girls can date
I am writing to you because I believe that women should be allowed to serve alongside men in the military.
I'm not sure why they're doing this.
If you want to know how difficult it is to get humanity to change its ways, just look at the number of people who voted for Donald Trump in the US presidential election.
How would you feel if you had a gun in your home?
What is your opinion on cultural appropriation?
In a recent interview with the BBC's science correspondent, Stephen Sackur, he argued that the universe was not created by God, but rather by the forces of nature.
A democracy is a system of government in which there is no legitimate ruler other than those who are supposed to be ruled the people.
I don't understand why people who are addicted to drugs are sent to private prisons.
I support Donald Trump for president.
There has been a lot of discussion about the use of the word "scum".
I don't see why angles should be measured in multiples or fractions of a half angle when you can measure them in radians. I see no reason to measure angles as multiples of a half turn equally valid arguments could be made for a quarter turn or a tenth turn a twelfth turn would factorise
There are a lot of parents out there that think having a dog is a good idea.
I'm not sure why we're doing this, but I feel like we're doing it for the wrong reasons.
I agree that police officers should be held to a much higher standard than average citizens.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, I feel like the government should be doing more to protect its citizens.
How do you feel about the issue of same sex marriage?
First of all, I don't think it's right.
Should the House of Lords be abolished?
I’m not a fan of Nazism, I’m not a big fan of Adolf Hitler, I’m not a big fan of Nazi Germany, I’m not a big fan of Nazi Germany, I’m not a big fan of Nazi Germany, I’m not a big fan of
What do you think is the best way to deal with climate change?
I don't understand where the issue is with a future with no disabilities or genetic diseases.
There is no such thing as a right or a wrong.
I am not a big fan of raising taxes on the wealthy.
I'm not saying that abortion is murder, I'm saying that it should either be considered alive or not alive, and that either way if nothing is done there almost certainly be another living being born.
Ice Poseidon has been banned from Twitch.
If you have a CMV that you would like us to investigate, please feel free to downvote or leave a comment.
The American flag is a symbol of freedom.
Do you think adopting an orphan is a good idea?
I don't think there's anything wrong with having a sense of right and wrong.
I'd like to be persuaded that I should be equally or more concerned with politically correct excess as I should be about the kinds of issues that motivate people who get called politically correct.
Hardcore criminals should be sent to prison for life.
My view on rape and victim blaming is very different from yours.
I agree with the goals of liberalism, but I disagree with the methods used to achieve them.
I don't think religion encourages free thinking.
I don't like beer.
You can't downvote on a topic if you don't want others to see it.
Is it beneficial to donate money to animal charities?
I understand why Edward Snowden has revealed how the US government monitors my phone calls.
I am a big fan of animals and hunting.
The South has been a drag on social, political and economic history in the United States.
What do you think should be done about recreational use of marijuana?
When I see an unoriginal post on a subreddit, I don't freak out.
Is it possible to switch between the outside and the inside of a meeting room?
It's been a while since we've had a CMV, so it's good to have one now.
There is no basis for them to be properly considered a tribe eligible for federal recognition.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Sharon Florentine reflects on her favourite Netflix show, Orange is the New Black.
What do you want to believe about love?
What is the intent of a defamatory statement?
What is the meaning of freedom?
In our series of letters from African journalists, filmmaker and columnist Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah looks at what could be done to improve our education system.
What do you think about women wearing make up on their chest to make things look bigger or more attractive?
On Tuesday night's Republican debate on CNBC, Donald Trump said, "I want you to CMV, I want you to CMV, I want you to CMV, I want you to CMV, I want you to CMV, I want you to CMV, I want you to CM
I am writing to express my support for the US government's decision to restrict access to UNSONG on the internet.
I've been receiving a lot of replies to my recent post on generosity.
I'm not a big fan of the new system but I think it's a good idea.
Let's consider a simple cell.
Our understanding of God is limited to our perception of his existence, which as previously mentioned, is not the universal actuality of reality.
In the wake of the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, I have been thinking a lot about what could have been.
Being an opportunist is a good thing.
Is it possible to post a vegan comment?
I believe that if you want to make a difference in the world, you have to take action.
The cost of treating drug addiction should be less than the cost of treating the harm caused by it.
Do men have more problems than women?
I don't know what's going through your mind, but I don't think we're getting to know each other very well.
It isn't immediately obvious that the person who is the biological father should be held responsible.
Do you think a medical background check should be required to buy a gun in the US?
I'm a big fan of the idea that mindfulness can improve our health and well being.
The government's decision to ban the pouching of elephant tusks is hypocrisy.
Is volunteering a good idea?
In my experience of living in the Middle East over the last few years, I have come to the conclusion that there has been a decline in the level of co-operation between countries in the region.
I'm not sure how many of you know this, but I've written before that I'm not a fan of controversial content being published.
How do you feel about allegations of sexual assault being made against celebrities?
