I cannot condemn anyone who wants children but people with a history of these diseases should adopt instead. By keeping this up for at least 3 generations, we would see a huge difference in the population.
Google has greatly contributed in making us more intelligent. I think that by having access to such a large bank of knowledge at any time, we are more easily educated as individuals than back in the days when you needed to search everything in books.
The American dream does not exist except for the very lucky or the existing rich. It encourages people to look down on those who cannot financially support themselves by imagining a falsehood that anybody can be rich with the right attitude.
I believe the more people use the private system, the better the public system will be. I believe private health care is good for our society.
Extraversion also leads to a lower IQ. More introverted people tend to be smarter. I care about IQ because intelligence and education are key to success in this world.
Loot boxes aren't actually evil or bad, they create intermittent randomized rewards. The critique it received is ridiculously over blown and not actually discussed. If something is designed in an ecosystem, that thing is part of the game and it isn't possible to simply assume that its removal would benefit players.
I think the world has always been a violent place, its just a part of the way humans act. I welcome anything that would change my view on this, or support this.
If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. I'm all for proper spelling and grammar in formal settings and believe it's.
There is little value in the concept and behaviour of sympathy pity when there is the alternative of empathy. It's the worst kind of self exaltation and moral high horsery because it cloaks itself in its supposed intent to do good.
I believe that a fetus is alive from conception, but does not represent a human life until the 6 week mark. I'd like to entirely ignore all discussion about abortion and abortion policy. I'd like to make the case that if we as a society declare a human dead when it's heartbeat stops, then we should also declare that life begins when it's heartbeat starts.
There are concerns that when a computer decides the districts the computer programmer decides the elections. This seems like a foolish reason to not try to find a rational, objective, and most importantly transparent method to decide districts in the fairest possible way.
There's clearly a link. However, this observation does have a strong impact on my beliefs surrounding, for example, how harshly pedophiles should be punished with death. That's still over 14 times what we would expect given the assumption that gay or bisexual men rape as often as heterosexual men.
If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. I don't see much of any downsides to this other than ohhhh it's
In order to not be hypocritical we should not simply make fun of those with conflicting beliefs. For practical purposes we can show that the earth is is much older than 6,000 years old, but most people who subscribe to this belief cannot.
I see nothing wrong with this in fact it is a more responsible reward structure for a lot of people. What I take issue with is that the prize is advertised as the sum of these payments.
admissions decisions should be based solely on merit. There is absolutely no educational benefit to attending a university with students of certain racial backgrounds.
The subject itself doesn't have be interesting in a vacuum to be the focal point of a good movie. I thought the Martian was a million times better than Spotlight. I'm just baffled that I seem to be one of the rare few that feels this way about the movie.
It’s not inherently wrong to value health, ability, and beauty. Obesity has many health risks associated with it valuing health is in society’s best interests. There’s a fair amount of criticism of how society values certain traits and people to the detriment of others.
This is literally abuse of the review system. The whole point of a review is to communicate your experience with the product.
i wish everybody would stop crying about death and start celebrating it. the arguments against suicide is incoherent at best.
The race that has the highest rate of this viewpoint is the most racist of all. Usually racist viewpoints include a target race, but in this one, the target race are all other races, and the race that has the highest rate of this viewpoint is the most racist of all.
An entire branch of feminism exists for the very reasons I have stated socialist feminism. The only way women can achieve equal pay is through socialist change in legislation.
The word has a long history of hatred and use to disparage and put down black people. I know one of the main arguments for its use is to take the power away from the word and give it to the people it was originally.
I've been thinking about the difference between humans and animals, and the best way I've been able to differentiate is in intellect. The only 'right' we have to consume or subjugate other creatures is either because we can, or because they are somehow fundamentally different.
Life's not fair is an infuriating, inaccurately applied platitude used to enforce untoward authority over the child. Short tempered and lazy are rather indefensible justifications for the parent's behavior. Some do ascribe to a more authority driven family structure, and I don't fundamentally take issue with that.
There are essentially 3 options for sex male, female, and intersex. Gender to me is how one expresses themselves via roles in society. On official documents, gender shouldn't matter because it's too variable.
The University of California is the best public or even overall university system in the US and in the entire world. Undergrads can get a world class education at any of the UC.
This is sexist against females and does not help their cause for equality, etc.
I believe that women and men have the same right to be in the military, but I believe that they should be separated. I also believe that this would decrease rape in the military.
It seems like they're just obfuscating the count for the sake of doing it. To use their example, I don't see a scenario where the system is any less vulnerable to spam bots etc by having a submission show a score of 23 21 as opposed to 12.
It feels like humanity has if you'll excuse the term left nature FUBAR. The only way for the natural world to recover is if humanity were to go extinct itself.
What would the utility be of the firearm? You don’t have to deal with that problem in large cities. I don’t agree with advertising public areas are gun free zones.
I want to keep this mostly around appropriating costume as that is what I am most interested in. Main definition and argument of it seems to be that it is the result of the identity of an oppressed culture being used by a non oppressed culture. The real Apple is not seeing money out of this, nor are they selling these products because they are about technology.
This seems to be a considerable indictment of religion, because it highlights the frivolity of its acquisition. I'm personally agnostic, but the Christian notion that god created the universe, to me, would come attached with a serious moral failing.
In a democracy, there is no legitimate ruler other than those who are supposed to be ruled the people. The standard representative of the people is not supposed to be anything but the icon of the people's sovereign will. This is a blatant confession that the will of the people is actually the will of the greater number being forced upon the smaller one.
In my ideal world, people who get caught selling or in possession of any controlled substance should not go to a jail where they are influenced by much more dangerous people. I understand that health professionals cost money, but so do inhumane private prisons.
I support Donald Trump for our next POTUS. This seems wrong to me. The only thing I disagree with him on, economically speaking, is lowering our defense budget. I do not support the wall that is often brought up as a laughingstock of the campaign.
I personally believe the word is not inherently as gross or disgusting as people make it out to be especially in the grand scheme of the English language. I personally believe the word is not inherently as gross or disgusting as people make it out to be especially in the grand scheme of the English language.
Tau measures a full turn, which I think makes angle measurements far more intuitive. I see no reason to measure angles as multiples of a half turn equally valid arguments could be made for a quarter turn or a tenth turn a twelfth turn a twelfth turn would factorise easier in more identities.
Having a dog can prepare you in some ways for a child. A child will always be in need of direction and nurturing. You learn communication with your SO and also how to express thoughts on how it should be.
A lot of this focus on income inequality is just naked envy. A bit of a philosophical point, granted, but I see this a lot from those on the left, and it's beginning to grate on
I believe that a minority of officers abuse their power and get away with it. Police as a whole must be held to a much higher standard than average citizens. This, in my opinion, is the only way to protect citizens from abuse of power.
I feel as if the government should also attempt to keep all of its citizens as equal as possible. I'm not talking about forced equality like communism but at the very least I feel like there should be something done to allow everyone, regardless of race, gender, sexual identity, or anything else, the same opportunities, and not be denied something such as the right to get married if a couple is gay.
I see two extremes with little compromising people making any vocal opinions. Am I not seeing some part of this that would convince me to support somewhat one side more than the other?
This is just dumb. I'm all for doing these things assuming you have the time to.  Secondly, I think that closing the blinds doesn't really.
I agree that reform is needed. It seems to me that the main objections to the HoL are ideological in nature. I don't think the undemocratic nature of the HoL is a serious threat to the democratic integrity of the UK.
I don’t think it’s likely at all that Nazis will ever come to power and take over America in the next hundred years. Like, I suppose it’s true but the chances of it actually being an issue are laughably.
The best possible solution would be for a nuclear war that allows us to go back to the Middle Ages technology wise. Re industrialising based on what we already know works in the short run but is destructive in the long run vs. what is actually good and sustainable.
I don't understand where the issue is with a future with no disabilities or genetic diseases. I don't understand what other issue there might be with them if no one is getting an unfair.
The things we say are right are the things championed by. The things we say are right are the things championed by. The things we say are right are the things championed by.
I see almost no economic disadvantage to raising this taxes on the wealthy. There is a good argument for lowering the corporate tax rate.
I think that it is completely contradictory to say on the one hand that a woman can get an abortion because a fetus isn't a living being yet, and then to say that it's murder if someone else kills a fetus. I still think killing a fetus is a terrible deed, and I acknowledge that it should be punished.
I really dislike the people who run twitch atm. Twitch is once again showing how immature their policies are regarding how they handle dealing with a big streamer they have banned Ice Poseidon.
If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. Is there really a lack of evidence with which to dismiss them or are proponents of the mainstream just doing a bad job responding to these?
The flag represents that we are free.
If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.  Yeah, it's nice to offer an orphan a new home and family, but I still think of adopting a kid from a difference race and country as you as you.
I think we all come with an ingrained and learned tribal herd morality that persists because it makes us more likely to thrive. But I don't think there's something objectively wrong with anything we find.
I'd like to be persuaded that I should be equally or more concerned with politically correct excess as I should be about the kinds of issues that motivate people who get called politically correct. To me, criticisms of political correctness often function as a way of avoiding conversations about social injustice and make the conversation one about form rather than content.
I believe that an effective use of breaking the individual completely, as in basically turning him into mush to be molded back into a functional member of society would work better than the current system. I grew up knowing lots of people who ended up becoming hardcore.
The concept of being fully responsible makes it seem so, but I believe that a victim can be partially be at fault, without making a perpetrator any less responsible.  Concerning the anathema that is rape, people tend to get up in arms when it comes to victim blaming, and they are wholly justified in doing so.
In this definition, I agree with the goal of liberalism but I disagree with the method. I find that liberalism as defined here has a tendency to invert itself into a form of authoritarianism. This is the key point that separates liberals from libertarians, but I wouldn't quite describe myself as a libertarian either, as I disagree with them on many key issues as well.
It's not about believing what you are told, its about thinking critically however I can't think of any case where an organized religion encourages free thinking and looking for evidence. If children were never taught about religion until the age of 18 and were taught to think critically about everything to only believe what there is sufficient evidence for and even then to question then that religion would be far less popular.
I feel like it's a social stigma to not like beer and people are peer pressured subconsciously and not so subconsciously sometimes to make themselves think they like. I don't understand how anyone could like beer.
I think this rule is dumb and protectionist. Downvotes don't change views. I think this rule is dumb and protectionist.
I still feel if I had enough money to donate I should give it to help other humans who can benefit society more than a dog or cat can. So try to CMV that donating to animal charities and causes is equally as important as human causes and charities.
What I don't understand and don't agree with is how people think it's good or simply overlook that he also revealed how we monitor Germany, China, etc.
I think hunting animals and smaller farming should be the norm. Unfortunately, capitalism has aided in creating a way to efficiently produce more meat for profit.
The United States is a prosperous, advanced nation despite containing backwards southern states. This includes a focus on agrarian focused economic policies think the Jefferson vs Hamilton debates, the complete moral failure to recognize slavery as the abomination it was, the civil war, opposition to civil rights, right up to modern debates.
Medical marijuana should be legal, but it should be significantly more regulated and not for recreational use. Drugs are not always the answer. Keep this in mind when making your analogies.
I feel that many of the default subreddits are far more plagued by people calling out reposts than they are by the actual reposts. To think that because I saw something one month ago that nobody is allowed to enjoy it today is astonishingly arrogant. The reason a post makes it to the front page is because people vote it there.
I feel that it is far better to have switches for the room located inside of the room than outside.
Best to look forward to new forms, and not to follow the fad. Downvotes don't change views. If you are thinking about submitting a CMV, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
There is little to no evidence that they are a native american tribe at all. As stated, I do acknowledge that the Lumbee may have some however little or much native american heritage.
I feel like because it's female driven and because its about women's empowerment, that's why people praise it and don't get me wrong those are good values but all in all it's really not that good of a show.
Love is an important part of our lives and we fail young people by not preparing them for it. I love feeling good treating someone so well. Simply because it is a unique mind state to inhabit and I want to hold it in higher.
I'm not even pro life but the intellectual dishonesty in this scare piece seems like a clear cut case of libel to me.  Probably true statements are not excluded, nor are political opinions unless explicitly stated.
My view of things is that people care too much. Freedom gives us that choice. Please help me come to grips with this supposed
Our education system, in it's current form, is quite redundant, and carries a high level of unnecessary expenses. If education was fully privatized, it would have happened already, as it would have been the cheapest and most effective solution.
There is the fight for equality in the work place but I feel women have more rights than men due to the fact of dress code or uniform. My point is make up is used to only to LOOK morr attractive than another coworker which makes looks a competition in the work place rather than an equal uniform across all
I believe that the CNBC moderators asked some real substantial questions to which most republicans didn't have a proper answer to. I don't want to know whether democrats are more electable than republicans.
I think this specific restriction on UNSONG should have minimal impact on profits and on Name discovery, while saving numerous.
This view was not in any way meant to comment on how people should receive donations gifts. I realize I can be tone deaf when communicating sometimes, but I did not mean to imply that not being called generous specifically means you are not doing something good. You absolutely are and clearly those who have more and give very little of it help finance things more than a collective of persons with meager wealth.
I'm open minded however and would like my viewpoint challenged. If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote.
There is nothing inherently unpredictable about two cells compared to one cell. If an atom has a number of outcomes, and it chooses one at random, this is no different than pre determinism.
Our understanding of him is limited to our perception of his existence. If he is a superpower who is above us, his divinity would require much more complex avenues of display.
As tragic and awful an event as it was, I am of the opinion that with more unrestricted access to firearms there could have been higher casualties. I don't intend to come across as compelling everyone to think of the children, it was a more case of explaining and contextualising my opinion.
I believe that it benefits me to be this way, and should not be interpreted as a negative quality. The whole concept of capitalism reflects around the notion that opportunity exists and is there for the taking. Those who do take it are the ones that are going to be successful.
I support animal rights and am fully aware of the health benefits of going vegan, but I haven't been able to move past this one yet.
I believe this is what creates progress and makes living worthwhile. I'm not binding this to any specific subject intentionally. When one is producing work, one should always go for quality rather than quantity.
The point is reducing harm as much as possible. I'm not saying addiction per se is good or bad. If nicotine is any example, drug addiction does not need to cost society more than the costs of such therapy.
It doesn't matter each individual issue should be fought against and corrected by all sane, ethical people. I don't find the argument that MRAs can't accomplish anything because they're being held down by The Woman.
If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
It isn't immediately obvious that the person who is the biological father should. Sometimes I recognise it is the only possible way to do things, but at other times it isn't so
I believe that a medical back ground to purchase a gun, or anything is not a good idea. I do think that judges can and should take away you right to own a gun, and a check for that is more than reasonable.
I'm not at all educated about aspects in Buddhist or Hindu religions, except to just know that it involves complicated philosophy of mind I barely understand. I'm not discounting the benefits to well being and health found to be associated with mindfulness, but I don't think people can possibly be doing what they think they're.
Anti pouching initiative is hypocrisy in itself. One, it does not make the existence of mankind better. How are poachers more morally and ecologically irresponsible than poachers.
I understand that the idea of volunteer work is to provide work and not ask anything in return. I like the idea of volunteering and helping out special
This adequately sums up my view in the sense that I think it is correct, I believe we do expect less from each other as we expect more from
I assume the same will happen for Blood Heir, which should be fresh for those of you who follow the YA world. I don't have issues with sensitivity reads for purely research purposes. I suppose these are questions of whether sensitivity readers are able to suss out authorial intent, but truth be told, I'd rather leave authorial intent specifically up to the public to judge over a panel of experts.
I think they should be taken seriously, but they should not get media attention until a case is actually made. I'm glad plenty of women that would have been ignored before aren't anymore, I don't think accusations should be straight up believed.
