A few days ago I wrote an article about why I think violent crime in the Western world has gone up.
In our series of letters from European journalists we've been looking at why America's two party system is bad for public discourse.
In the wake of the corruption scandal surrounding the decision to host the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, I have come up with a list of reasons why I don't support football's governing body, FIFA.
People who can't be helped can be abandoned.
What do you think is driving us towards civil war and a dystopian society?
Is there a better way to change a baby's onesie?
I have never been a fan of banks.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker and columnist Sharmila Tagore looks at the redefinition of the word “racism”.
In our series of letters from Spanish journalists, film-maker and columnist Antonio Barragan looks at some of the issues affecting the country's upcoming general election.
Is it a good idea to keep an animal in captivity?
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker, and columnist Tavis Smiley looks at the value of internet discussions.
I don't support the removal of Confederate monuments.
I have been hearing a lot of people say that I am a hypocrite because I shop at Wal Mart but still eat at McDonald's.
It's a sad battle of attrition, due to intolerance towards other beliefs, it's a sad battle of attrition, due to intolerance towards other beliefs, it's a sad battle of attrition, due to intolerance towards other beliefs, it's a sad battle of attrition, due to intolerance towards other
I'm not a mathematician, I'm not a fan of Gambler's Fallacy.
When did I start being alive?
University education is obsolete.
I think the US military draft is unconstitutional.
What do you think is wrong with Americans and math?
What would happen if there were no laws, no State, and no power structure?
Russia and the US are going to negotiate with the Kurds in Syria.
In our series of letters from British journalists, film-maker and columnist John Sudworth considers the pros and cons of handgun ownership in the UK.
Should parents pierce their babies ears when they are babies? Many out there, including our pediatrician, believe that it is best to pierce the babies ears before she is old enough to understand the pain.
I'm not a huge fan of karma, and I'm not a huge fan of subreddits giving it to people when they are upvoted.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker, and columnist Michael Gerson reflects on the role of religion in his life.
What do you think about celebrities running for President?
I'm not a fan of conductors waving their hands.
I'm writing to you all because I'm afraid of death.
What is the meaning of the word triggered?
Is there a better way to determine the best team in a group?
Is it true that killing someone is immoral?
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani explains why she believes social media users are misrepresenting pets.
In case you missed it, I'm writing this post on the topic of tampon taxes. Basically, the complaint is that disposable feminine hygiene products pads and tampons around the world has a SALES tax because they are considered non essential luxury items.
What do you think is the difference between gay men and straight men?
I'm a big fan of targeted ads.
How do you feel about American television networks making remakes of English speaking shows?
In our series of letters from gaming journalists, LoL writer, and LoL community member, Daniel, explains why white knighting is a good thing.
I don't want to hear anything about wormen.
How do you feel about capitalism and socialism?
I've been living in London for the past five years. I did fall, I was made fun of but I simply walked around the house the most depressing thing ever Slowly I started going further and further away from my house When I first went to the heart of the city centre, the heart of market street
This weekend I'm going to ride my bike to work for the first time in a few years.
Guillermo del Toro’s The Shape of Water is a classic example of a movie that should not have won an Oscar.
Bodily autonomy is a flawed concept.
In the wake of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., I've been thinking a lot about how I feel about my country.
Why is it that a human would just be told to man up and live through an illness that a pet would be put down?
I don't see a problem with Google doing this.
My name is Samuel and I am a political science student at the University of Cape Town.
White Nationalism and White Supremacy are not the same thing.
I find Game of Thrones to be a bit too complicated.
If you’ve ever had a parent tell you that their child watches 2 hrs of TV a day or uses a tablet for 2 hrs a day or any combination you’ll almost certainly get some judgement thrown your way, and it’s become common that if you admit it to 2 hrs per day openly you
What do you think about big companies tracking you online and storing information about you?
What is the value of voting in the general election? As far as I can tell, the government hasn't been decided by one MP for at least a hundred years let's take an absurdly high probability of 1 20 of the government being decided 1 MP, and 1 650 chance of being my MP.
I've been meaning to post this for a while now, so I thought I'd share it with you. However, every time you press the button, you have a 1 100 chance of bring kidnapped and plugged into the circulatory system of a world famous violinist.
I'm writing to express my support for the Lawn Bowlers United Party (LBUP) in the forthcoming general election.
In our series of letters from British journalists, film-maker and columnist John Sudworth looks at the parable of the labourer.
I've heard a lot of people use inaction as an excuse not to help others.
Facebook has introduced a new feature to make it easier for people to make it to the top of a post.
The Democratic National Committee (DNC) has voted to strip Hillary Clinton of her party's nomination.
It's been a long time since I've written a post like this, so I'm going to do it again.
What do you think should be done to make it easier for people to own machine guns?
I've been saying for a long time that Japan will get nuked again.
I'm writing this post because I'm really worried about the future of our species.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah looks at the causes of disaffection with democracy in Europe.
Transgender surgery is the 21st Century Lob.
I don't know about you but I don't understand why some parents are so abusive to their children.
Is it a false advertising claim that a restaurant is open until 10pm?
I am writing to clarify my view on austerity.
If you have a counter argument that I find merit in, I'd love to hear it.
In the wake of Turing Pharmaceuticals' decision to increase the price of its drug Daraprim by over 5,000%, I would like to share my perspective on the issue.
There is no such thing as a no tolerance policy.
In our series of letters from New York City residents, writer and novelist David Shrigley reflects on the city's housing crisis.
We are the freaks.
What's my view on the term 'Transgender Exclusionary Radical Feminist' (TERF)?
If you've ever been in a relationship where one person says Don't care first or most insistently simply wants to release themselves of the burden to be considerate of others when determining where to eat, then you'll know what I'm talking about.
Is Donald Trump's questioning of the impartiality of a Mexican American judge in a Trump University case racist?
Prop 13 would amend the California Constitution to limit property tax to 1 of the property when sold or newly constructed upon.
Mike Milbury and Ron Artest both went into the stands to assault fans.
What do you think about the idea of putting pedophiles on a reality TV show?
I'm writing to you because I'm afraid of Donald Trump launching a nuclear attack on the United States.
Is Donald Trump going to win the Republican nomination for president?
I’ve been thinking a lot about the idea that life begins at conception.
This post has been removed because it was deemed too controversial.
I've been thinking a lot about Reddit's role in serving up clickbait headlines.
In my opinion, neoliberalism has done more harm than good to the human race.
Here's what I have to say about nationalism:
I've been thinking a lot about free will.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the people who define themselves as travellers.
The live audience reaction to presidential debates hurts the debate's value.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why British jihadists should be charged with treason.
I'm trying to find a roommate.
I don't agree with the use of DNA to solve crimes.
I have a problem.
Is Pete Rose eligible for the baseball hall of fame?
Is Donald Trump bragging about getting away with sexual assault in the Access Hollywood tapes? I don't think Donald Trump was bragging about getting away with sexual assault in the Access Hollywood tapes.
Shawshank Redemption is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
Is Donald Trump a racist?
Raising the minimum wage in the US is a bad idea.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, film-maker, and columnist Richard Roeper looks at why he doesn't get sympathy for farmers.
I don't understand why we should restrict the free market like this.
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once said, "The most important thing about democracy is that it gives power to the people."
