I think that people with inherited degenerative diseases and STDs should be separated from the population
I think that Google (the company, not just the search engine) makes us more intelligent both as individuals and as a society.
The USA's obsession with patriotism, freedom and the American dream is it's biggest downfall
I think that private health care should be stimulated by governments.
Black/extroverted people on average have a lower IQ than White people.
Discourse around Loot Boxes gamers jumping to biased conclusions is much more toxic than the actual Loot boxes in games themselves.
"" The world has always been a violent place and terrible things have always happened.
Using proper grammar outside of formal settings is pointless and the people who correct others in these situations are crazy.
It is wrong to pity and/or be sympathetic.
If human life ends when the heart stops, it begins when the heart starts
Cmv: Anybody who doesn't believe in finding an objective method for dividing political districts is actively interested in disenfranchising their fellow Americans.
Molestation is how gays reproduce
I would be able to live a better life in Mozambique than in the USA
Making fun of people with ideas vastly different from one's own is hypocritical for a vast majority of people.
Lotteries should not be allowed to advertise an annuity prize as the sum of its payments.
Universities should not take race into account in the admissions process.
Spotlight was a marginal movie that didn't deserve all of the accolades that it received [Obvious spoilers]
It is not wrong to value health, ability, and beauty
Review bombing is childish, selfish, and should not be a considered to be legitimate form of protest. Please stop doing it.
i dont think suicide is a bad thing.
The most racist viewpoint an individual can take is to claim his race is the master race
In a capitalist society, it is completely reasonable for men to make more money than women.
No one should use the "n" word in modern day life
I don't believe the mentally handicapped are truly people,
"Life's not fair" is a terrible (non)justification for parents to make to their children
Gender doesn't matter, only sex does.
The University of California is the best public university system in the world.
Situations where fathers or older brothers act overly protectively of their daughters or younger sisters against potential male partners of that female are being sexist against females.
Women and men should be separated in the military.
Reddit's practice of "fuzzing" vote counts accomplishes nothing positive.
Wildlife conservation is a lost cause and all areas of "the wild" will be gone within 100-400 years unless humanity goes extinct itself.
Guns should be a state issue, not federal.
Cultural Appropriation is not wrong
Religious punishment of non-believers (i.e they go to hell) is ethically reprehensible.
'Democracy' is an facade.
I don't believe that non-violent drug offenders should get sent to jail.
I'm voting for Donald Trump.
The word "Moist" doesn't deserve the infamy it has garnered
Tau is Better Than Pi
I think the people that laugh at the idea that owning a dog prepares you for being a parent are full of themselves.
Income Inequality is not a problem. Poverty is a problem.
I believe police officers should be held to a standard at least twice as high as normal citizens when they are caught breaking the law.
The government should be there to protect its citizens and ensure their equality
The Israel/Palestine Conflict is a mess and most people supporting either side are ignorant.
The procedures used for school shootings are some of the worst things that could be taught
The House of Lords should not be abolished.
Nazis will not come to power again within any of our lifetimes
A nuclear war/genocide of the majority of humanity would be good and necessary in the long run.
Designer babies aren't inherently unethical
Might makes right.
The federal income tax should be raised for the highest brackets.
It is completely contradictory to say that abortion isn't murder, but at the same time call it murder if a person terminates someone else's fetus.
If Twitch.tv is going to allow streamers to play songs with the N-word being said. They should just allow the streamers to say it as long it's in a non-derogatory way
There isn't enough evidence to prove that fluoridation of the public water supply is safe and effective.
I strongly believe that professional athletes should either stand or kneel, not sit.
People who adopt kids from a difference race and country as them as doing something unethical
I don't believe in any objective morality.
We should be less concerned about the excesses of political correctness than we should be about the injustices that "politically correct" activists are attempting to draw attention to.
A prison should not try to fix a broken individual, it should break the individual completely and mold them back into a functional member of society
Ascribing responsibility is not a zero-sum-game.
I am an antiliberal.
There would be very few religious people if people were only taught what was believed to be scientifically accurate at the time until adulthood.
I really hate the taste of beer and don't think anyone truly likes it, at least when they first started drinking it.
The US should allow airline cabotage.
You should donate to Human causes and charities over animal causes and charities because the human issues are more important to society than any animal issue can be.
Snowden could have told fellow US citizens about their own government monitoring them without releasing information about our methods of intelligence gathering of foreign nations - I feel this is why he shouldn't be praised.
We are omnivorous, we should eat less meat, but to say it is immoral to eat meat is false
The US is a successful nation despite the South
I believe that all psychoactive substances including alcohol and marijuana that are not prescribed by a doctor should be illegal.
I think that complaining about front-page reposts on default subreddits is like yelling at people for laughing at a joke that you've already heard before.
having a light switch inside the bathroom is better than having it outside.
American Traditional Tattoos are the new tribal band and will be tacky within the next 15-20 years.
The Lumbee are Tri-racial non-tribe without legitimate claim to a relationship to the federal government.
All these Netflix shows are over rated.
Falling in love puts our cognitive biases on steroids.
This pro-choice article is nothing short of outright libel
People are too attached to their personal goals.
Public Education Spending Can Be Dramatically Reduced While Improving Quality of Education Through the Use of Technology
During the fight for equality in the work place, dress code should be stricter for women including make up.
The CNBC moderators weren't biased and were right to ask the questions they did at the second republican presidential debate.
UNSONG should not be permitted to enforce copyright on Names whose use is primarily medical. [minimal spoilers]
We should stop calling millionaires and billionaires who regularly give away relatively minuscule proportions of their wealth, "Generous."
We should follow the nordic model when it comes to prostitution, that is it is illegal to buy sex but not to sell it.
Pre-determinism, there is no free will and everything is pre-determined.
Religion is flawed and therefore false because it is based on the human perception of reality.
The recent stabbing of a teacher in the UK highlights the benefits of strict gun legislation
There is nothing wrong with being labeled an opportunist.
Eating animals is OK because it happens in the wild.
Quality is always more important than quantity
There is no reason any drug addiction needs to be worse than nicotine addiction.
I'm a man who finds MRA more irritating than respectworthy.
The US should not admit so many foreign students to our universities only to have them return to their countries with our education.
I am undecided on whether causal responsibility should always mean culpability (deserving of punishment) in a crime.
Medical background checks to purchase a gun is not a good idea.
Mindfulness is paradoxical and nonsensical
Poaching and hunting are the same thing, and hunting is no more ecologically friendly than poaching
I believe volunteering is wrong for our economy and fills in jobs that should be paid.
I believe that people's addiction and/or over usage of smartphones, tablets and social networking (via tech.) is undermining human interaction and is changing the ways we live our lives for the worse,
Sensitivity readers stifle challenging and provocative art, and widespread acceptance in the book industry would amount to pre-publication censorship
Accusations alone should not be printed by the media.
