I know, statistically, violent crime rates in the Western world are at multi-decade lows; I still think the world's becoming more violent in targeted spurts.
The two party system in the US influences political discourse in a really harmful way
I believe that FIFA is a morally reprehensible organization, and should not be supported in any capacity.
some people should be left to suffer and die alone.
The US is headed for a dystopian society.
zip-up onesies should have the zipper rest at the foot.
All banks should be disbanded and replaced with credit unions.
Critical Race Theory unnecessarily redefines the term “racism”.
Everyone should pass a test in order to vote
I feel that if you have to keep an animal caged in order to stop it from running away then the animal in question isn't really a pet.
I don't think agreement should be the goal of an internet discussion about a substantial topic in philosophy, politics or religion.
I believe monuments and holidays honoring Confederate soldiers are no different than monuments and holidays honoring any other former enemy that waged war against the United States.
I think discrimination from businesses and in the workplace should be completely legal.
liberalism is dying out and it's their own fault for it.
To suggest that the Monty Hall problem has a solution better than 50% is the Gambler's Fallacy.
Abortion Should Be Legal Until An Infant Is 2 Years Old.
New Tools Make it Much Easier for Relatively Motivated Person to Get the Full Value of a University Education Without Actually Attending a University,
The selective service system is unconstitutional.
I think people in the U.S. are afraid of math.
I think that a true anarchy is unsustainable, as much like in communism it is human nature to have rules and a power structure.
The Kurds are going to ditch the US, ally with the government and the Russians for an autonomous region within Syria
As a UK citizen, strict gun control is a net good for me.
Parents shouldn't pierce their babies ears before the child can verbally ask for it.
Self posts should not give karma.
When thinking about religions, especially other faiths, it's more useful to examine what they do rather than what they believe.
Having a Celebrity As President Is a Failed Experiment and Should Never Happen Again
I don't believe an orchestra conductor actually does anything useful during a concert performance
I Am Afraid to Die
The word TRIGGER should only be used by people with PTSD
Tournament brackets are easy to rig, and are not an effective way to determine the best out of a group.
The Categorical Imperative is the best ethical system.
Most the captions on animal pictures submitted to reddit are fake.
The tampon tax should be raised
I think gay guys and straight women are similar, and I think gay women and straight men are similar in their behaviors. I believe this to be genetic and not social for the most part.
I don't mind personalized ads.
American television audiences generally do not need adaptations of English speaking shows from other countries.
I don't see "White Knighting" in a video game as a bad thing, and in fact would encourage it from people who genuinely love and enjoy the game.
I believe that any women who reads steamy romance novels has no right to complain about her husband's porn collection
I think capitalism as an economic system could be sustainable with proper restraints and a robust socialist government to contain it.
I'll be 29 in march, live with my parents and I think it would be stupid to think of moving out.
Technology should be used to expand capabilities, rather than as a crutch to reduce required effort.
The Shape of Water is an extremely overrated movie and should have never won the Oscar for Best Picture
I think that "bodily autonomy", by itself, is a horrible reason to justify abortion.
I see no reason or value in tolerating the willfully ignorant, the stubborn fools and those blinded by propaganda and ideology. Care to ?
I believe that pets should not be put down,
Google launching a censored search engine in China is not inherently unethical
An inefficient democracy is always better than a benevolent dictatorship.
White Nationalism is not synonymous with White Supremacy
Game of Thrones is the new Lost.
Allowing 2 hrs of screen time(tv/tablet) per day is not that bad when complimented with a balanced daily schedule.
I don't care about my privacy,
Voting is worse than playing the lottery (primarily UK)
- The Violinist is an Invalid Defense for Abortion Rights
I believe that those who don't like the major parties should use their vote to raise awareness for a specific issue by voting for a small party that promotes policies agreeable to the voter
The Parable of the Farmer and the Workers is a nefarious story that primes people into accepting inequality
I think that letting harm befall someone is morally equivalent to harming them yourself.
Facebook should take back the TopFan badg
Saying that the tainted process during the 2016 Democratic Primaries didn't effect the outcome is like some people saying that the Russians didn't really interfere with the election because there is no evidence that they physically changed ballots at the ballot box.
The "medical research" defense of American style healthcare is akin to Nazi Germany's abuse of Jews in camps for medical research
The right to bear arms should be treated like the right to drive a car (x-post from /r/gunpolitics)
Japan will collapse if it is nuked a third time.
I'm convinced that natural selection is the way to go in this world. Please,
The European Parliament should be elected on transnational lists
Transgender Surgery will be looked back on as the Lobotomy of the 21st Century.
I believe that parents who spoiled their child are bad parents
Takeaway food outlets should accept orders up until their advertised closing time.
I do not believe that Austerity measures have any negative consequences.
It is better to be politically conservative when when things are pretty good, as they are now
Martin Shkreli's analysis that raising the price of Daraprim will help patients in the long run is correct
There is no good reason for a no tolerance policy.
New York City should bulldoze housing projects in areas where real estate costs have risen and rebuild them all in an area with a consistently low market
"Stupid" people have it best
TERF isn't a slur and even if it is, that's okay
When someone says that they "Don't care" about what to eat, they simply mean that they do not want to be in the position they are about to put the other person/people in.
Donald Trump Questioning Mexican-American Judge Curiel's Impartiality Was Not Racist
Prop 13 (California) should be abolished.
Mike Milbury and Ron Artest should have been banned from the NHL/NBA for life.
There should be more shows like "To catch a Predator"
I am right to be afraid of the idea that Trump may attempt to blow up the planet if he is cornered with his crimes and unable to get away from the consequences
Trump will win Iowa and NH and proceed to become the republican nominee
Being a person is more important than being a human
College history courses have no place as a required course in most major curriculum.
Reddit's role in the way people receive their news has greatly exacerbated how media outlets ability to manipulate the general user base's understanding of objective reality.
Neoliberalism has done more harm than good.
There's nothing good about nationalism apart from the belief that there is something good about nationalism.
There's no reason to think we humans have free will.
I refuse to believe travelling is a 'hobby',
Live audiences at debates reduce their informational value in order to increase entertainment value and it seriously impacts the usefulness of the debates to the information seeking public.
I believe treason charges should be reintroduced in the UK.
The Fair Housing Project should only apply to lenders and apartment complexes.
I believe suspected criminals shouldn't be subjected to DNA testing.
I'm constantly measuring my success relative to other people's failure.
I don't think Pete Rose should be banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Donald Trump did not brag about getting away with sexual assault in the Access Hollywood tapes.
I don't think Shawshank Redemption deserves to be #1 on IMDb Top 250.
Donald Trump isn't actually racist, but his comments on immigration are being spun that way
raising the minimum wage is a terrible idea.
During tough times, farmers get too much sympathy.
We, the Eastern Europeans have no "right" to high quality food
Democracy is overrated.
