john avlon: violent crime in the western world has changed. he says media isn
julian zelizer: the two party system is bad for public discourse in the u.s. he says it influences political oppinions and discussion in a really harmful way. if a voter decides to vote against the alt right he has to support democrats, he writes.
the top level of FIFA, at the very least, is synonymous with greed and corruption. the 2022 world cup was decided to be held in Qatar, despite abhorrent playing conditions. some of the poorest people in Brazil have been forced out of their homes to make room for soccer.
jordan peterson: it's useless to cast pearls before swine. he says such people only
a second civil war and possibly a dystopian society is coming, says john
a zipper can have the fully zipped zipper rest at the leg or the neck. if the zipper rests at the
credit unions are not for profit and exist for the benefit of their members. a national credit union system would be far superior to banks in every way. to change my view, you will need to convince me
"racism" is the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race. "institutionalized racism" would therefore be under the umbrella of "race" to redefine it as prejudice the power to enforce said prejudice, is counter productive in communication. if one needed to describe racism, institutionalized racism serves the purpose.
gt: there's a high percentage of votes that don't represent the citizens. missinformation People vote what they hear in the radio and see in the television. it's bad for the democracy since citizens are not free to choose.
reptiles, birds and rodents don't have a sufficiently strong bond with their owners that they wouldn't run away at
john avlon: people think the goal of an internet discussion is to persuade the other person. he says it doesn't matter what they think; it has no concrete effect on your life. the goal would be for both parties to make their positions as clear as possible, he writes.
bob greene: the confederate states of America was at best an
jeffrey toobin: as a homeowner, i have the right to refuse Jewish people into my home. toobin says if the CEO of Wal Mart decided to do that, he would deal with harsh consequences. he says many companies would stop doing business with Wal Mart because of this practice. Toobin: in a capitalist society, it is the responsibility of
liberalism is slowly becoming less popular because liberals are pushing away people exploring their beliefs. it's a sad battle of attrition
gt: if you flip heads on a coin n times in a row, then next flip your make will have better odds of landing tails. most mathematician sentiment dictates that switching will yield a 2 3s chance in winning. instead of
humans give birth to the most premature babies of all placental mammals. we give birth so soon because otherwise the baby's head grows too big for the birth canal. abortion should be legal long after birth, but it's not murder because the child's nerves experience pain
universities are a centuries old model for providing a series of benefits to attendees. many of these benefits can now be replaced by alternatives that are less costly and less time consuming
lz granderson: if it's unconstitutional it would be illegal. he says the draft is a
x200B i think people in the U.S. are afraid of math. cross cultural research shows that Chinese mothers help their children with math homework. there is a documented and growing shortage of u.s. job candidates for quantitative jobs.
bob greene: an anarchy where there is no State, no laws, no power structure lasts for a little while. he says in
the u.s. is a poor ally for the Kurds, says aaron miller. he says the US has too much at stake within turkey airfields and nuclear weapons storages. miller: if the kurds want more autonomy and their own region, they
in the UK, handguns are illegal and other guns heavily restricted.
tl dr: piercing a baby's ears takes away what could be an exciting decision. most boys in the english speaking world do not wear earrings. i'm fine with boys getting earrings, but again it is when they want one several. but i believe it subjects them to a small amount of discomfort for, what i
as posted here self posts now give karma to the poster when they are upvoted. r whowouldwin will now be inundated with clickbait and
jeffrey toobin: when people discuss a religion, it seems like the first impulse is to ask what do they believe.
donna brazile: I see people calling for Oprah Winfrey to run in 2020. she says it's going to cause more totally unqualified celebrities to run
gt: i have a hard time believing professional musicians need a guy waving his hands. he says a conductor is necessary to act as a living monitor for them
john sutter: in 80 years my existence will cease i will become nothing. he says he spends hours every night gnawing over the thought of death depriving him of sleep. "i am afraid of death, and in a century or two, nobody will remember me," he writes.
sally kohn: i am someone with PTSD, and there are still certain situations which trigger me. she says the common use of the word trigger is to mean uncomfortable or offended. if everyone is using triggered as it triggered an emotion in me, that emotion doesn't have to be specific, she says.
mike downey: if we had a fairly balanced tournament, we would have 4 teams. he says
jeffrey toobin: Kantian ethics make too much sense to me to be incorrect. he says if we must be rational we must universalize our maxims. so whenever,
people are taking pictures of pets doing ordinary things, NOT extraordinary, and then making up a caption that enhances the picture beyond what it originally was. google 'dogs' and
tampons and pads around the world have a SALES tax because they are considered non essential luxury items. feminists and SJWs are rallying to get rid of this sales tax completely. since 2000, Britain has set the tax on sanitary products at the lowest possible level of 5 percent.
some american indian tribes had 4 genders: manly man, manly woman, female woman and female man. a lot of these behaviors are explained by social constructions, says
bob greene: if i get a Home Depot ad after googling woodworking 101, all
the general american audience is able to relate to English speaking shows just fine. many american remakes though, such as the Inbetweeners, Skins, and Gracepoint
bob greene: people became more cynical, bitter, paranoid about new features and hotfixes. he says developers are accused of white knighting and being a fanboy. white knights, as they are called, are not inherently bad, greene says.
there's no more justification for reading a smutty romance novel like 50 shades
ideologically I'm pretty socialist the real kind, not the Fox news version. in socialist circles,
cerebral palsy is a condition that affects my walking, talking and over all balance. at 23 I was unable to run, was able to slowly walk up and down stairs. after university I made it a personal mission to improve my walking and my speech.
aaron carroll: if i were born a hundred years ago, i would've been deaf by age 5. he says technology can be grand, but technological conveniences are often less necessary. carroll says
the shape of water plays on to the basic beauty and the beast trope, but it does not go any further than that. it is an intermediate form of movie writing and does not deserve any more than a Redbox rental. the movie barely dives into the actual underlying foundation for why anything happens.
the idea that everyone has the right to control what happens in their own body is flawed. john sutter: abortion is akin to saying I don't care for the consequences of my actions. it would be ethical to disconnect a fetus from his kidneys if he didn't want his body used for life
john avlon: i'm increasingly prejudiced
humans are made to live through illnesses that
protests are taking place internally in google over its plans to potentially launch a censored platform in China. gt: i don't see a problem with google doing this; china's laws on censorship are changing.
samuel2342: a democracy is always better than a dictatorship. he says people should always have the ability to choose the people that govern them. people should
nationalism is identification with one’s own country and support its interests. Racial superiority is the belief that one race is superior to other races. a white supremacist would believe that white non americans are better than non white americans.
the increasing amount of characters and stories leaves no room for character development. since characters are underdeveloped I am not involved and I do not care
if you tell people that your kid watches 2 hrs of tv a day you’ll almost certainly get some judgement thrown your way. but check out this general 12 hr schedule assuming your young child is out of bed from 8am 8pm on a weekend.
aaron carroll: i don't
there are 650 constituencies in the uk, and they're voted on every 5 years. in the last hundred years, that adds up to roughly 13000 constituencies. for many people the reason to vote is not intrinsically for an MP.
a famous unconscious violinist has been kidnapped and plugged into your circulatory system. john sutter: if he is unplugged from you now, he will die but in nine months he can recover. but he says it seems to me to be an invalid argument for abortion, given you had no choice
bob greene: people who abstain from voting need to look beyond popular options. greene
a farmer needs some extra labourers to work in his vineyard. he finds an idle labourer at 9am and asks him if he would work until dusk for 60. the labourer says Sure Thanks, but he hasn't been paid proportionately
inaction is morally equivalent to physically drowning a child or destroying someone's food, medicine.
bob greene: with the top fan badge,you comment already had a biased weight
leaked emails show that the DNC actively colluded with HRC to damage the Sanders campaign. the head of the D
american style healthcare, or rather heavily privatized healthcare, is criticized. lz granderson: a privatized system mostly favors
a pro gun video rant on the HPA NFA hearing protection act was posted online. gt i think people should be given a government subsidized licensing program to own firearms. machine guns are even more unruly and harder to grasp due to media suppression.
john avlon: i'm willing to wager that within the next 15 20 years,Japan will get nuked yet again. he says it would be sad,tragic and Horrifying,but it's an entirely predictable outcome. japan's replacement
i think that the only way for the future to have hope is for people to stop protecting the weak. this way, we humans only allow the strongest
lack of strong response to european debt crisis has exacerbated this. disaffection with democracy caused by perception that citizens are constantly being asked to find doemstic solutions. transnational lists could mobilize citizens around issues of pan european interest.
transgender surgery is used to treat people with Gender Dysphoria. john sutter: i support it because it's sadly the best treatment for this mental illness. but, he
lz granderson: i saw a kid at a mall doing tantrum way
a restaurant's website said it was open until 10pm on a particular night of the week. but there was no sign at the entrance that stated the kitchen would not be
do you think austerity as a reactionary economic model
gt: crime and violence in general are very low; freedoms are more robust than ever. he says it seems like the right approach to
there are at least 5 6 major pharmaceutical companies making drugs for rare diseases. aaron carroll: if companies could only sell these drugs at barely profitable margins, there would be no advances in R D. carroll says there has been no advances
a no tolerance policy always fails in conflict resolution, says aaron carroll
lz granderson: i live in a neighborhood in new york that's fairly nice. he says crime rates were some of the highest in the city until the late 90's. granderson says city should knock down projects like that that are now in expensive
john avlon: smart people, skeptics, innovators have it hard because they feel the weight of the world on their shoulders. he says our world consists of ISIS, pollution, global warming, famine, poverty, the uncertainty of our future. we spend thousands of dollars on cars
the term 'trans gender exclusionary radical feminist' was coined roughly 10 years ago within a pro trans blog post. it's gradually gained prominence within LGBT circles as a term to refer to radfems who exclude trans people. if
the bane of indecisive people is picking where to go for food, especially for a couple. don't care simply means You choose, but be considerate of what i want. in any relationship, there is an und
roland martin: i find Trump deeply troubling at best and outright dangerous at worst. he says it's disingenuous saying someone is unfit to do their job because of their race is definition of racism. but if he was campaigning on blockading the uk, he would think it
lz granderson: property tax is a way to ensure land is being used most efficiently. he says the government is powerless to tax the land at what it could appraise for. the government can't alleviate housing shortages by appraising single residential zone, he writes. granderson : if cities are choked by holdout landowners, they
mike downey: artest assaulted a fan during an NBA game; milbury beat fan with his own shoe. he says both players should have had charges pressed on them, not just artest. the same doesn't apply to players who assault fans who enter
aaron carroll: i think having shows like TCAP is a good
john avlon: i am paranoid and nervous about my death from political events outside of my control. he says i've been unable to relax at all for about two weeks after having this thought. the president has the authority to launch nukes at literally any time with no checks balances, he writes.
john avlon: polls show that Cruz has a 52 chance of winning Iowa. he says if you take a look at the latest polls Trump is either ahead by 1 or behind by 2. the close polling seems to indicate that Trump is making up ground elsewhere with voters.
people have a built in idea that human life is important. this is getting in the way of our new ability of thinking of better ways of things. if you’re going to say that just being alive is enough, your going to have to explain why. cutting down a tree is considered a perfectly moral thing to do.
jeffrey toobin: some of you have attacked me for the view that i held. toobin says history courses are taught so history students can become history professors. he says history course has no real value
r science is generally the exception to this imo. we usually think of clickbait headlines as definitely or obviously misleading false, but any headline can play in the grey area between honest and clickbaity to serve varying
economic liberalization policies such as privatization, fiscal austerity, deregulation, free trade, and much of any form of reduction in federal spending have done more harm than good for mankind. in the late 1970's, economic turmoil and stagflation had plagued the western world.
john avlon: nationalism has done positive things, but it is utterly arbitrary. he says it's arbitrary to share a sense of common identity with almost every person in a nation. the u.s. is an exception to this, specifically because it is an anti nationalist project, he writes.
aaron carroll: i didn't know about determinism until i was a teen. he says quantum physics is a chance, not a mathematical certainty, leading to mysticism. carroll says we're not set in stone, but free will is the clue we need to conclude we
people who like to define themselves as travellers irk my chain. travel is natural, everybody
live audience hurts debate's value by impacting viewer's interpretation of event. john avlon: live audience cheers at a 5 minute explanation of a foreign policy plan. live audience is
there has been a number of attacks on British soil which have directly harmed British citizens and even killed them. this would fufill the conditions of a treason charge
a 20 something female with no kids posted an ad on craigslist looking for
the fact that my DNA was at the crime scene could be circumstantial. it could be stored
bob greene: I feel like I haven't performed as well as I possibly can. he says
bob greene: Pete rose was a long time baseball player and manager for the Cincinnati reds. he says he admitted to gambling by betting on his team to win.
don't think Donald Trump was bragging about sexual assault in the Access Hollywood tapes. he is instead bragging that his wealth and fame make him so sexually attractive to women that they consent to being groped by him. the takeaway of my view is that Trump doesn't truly understand what consent is, and that might
the love for the movie baffles me, especially when
lz granderson: if he was an absolute flaming racist, i'd still vote for him in November
john sutter: raising minimum wage to 15 hour iirc is a terrible idea. he says it will lead to heavy inflation as the buying power of the dollar decreases. as minimum wage increases, more and more industries will make the switch, he writes.
john sutter: when a farmer goes under, he's all over television complaining about it. he says farmers don't make a product for a profit; they make it for their customers. farmers aren't super heroes; they're just people who feed the nation.
a lot of the politicians of the eastern part of the EU discuss the difference of quality between food
john avlon: democracy gives power to the people, but what about those who can't make it to the polls? he says the idea that democracy by itself is valuable or infallible is a false one. we should be investigating new forms of governance to overcome structural dilemmas, he writes
