i think that being separated from the population could be a big help in keeping the infected to themselves but that might create a leper effect. i cannot condemn anyone who wants children but people with a history of these diseases should adopt instead. by keeping this up for at least 3 generations, we would see a huge difference in the population.
i think that google has greatly contributed in making us more intelligent both as individuals and as a society. by having access to such a large bank of knowledge at any time, we are more easily educated as individuals than back in the days when you needed to search everything in books.
the american dream does not exist except for the very lucky or the existing rich. it encourages people to look down on those who cannot financially support themselves. john avlon: the belief that america is uniquely free leads to dogmatism.
i believe private health care is good for our society. the more people use the private system, the better the public system will be.
i believe that extraversion also leads to a lower IQ while more introverted people tend to be smarter. i care about IQ because intelligence and education are key to success in this world.
in game currency is a staple of any progressive RPG. they aren't actually evil or bad. they create intermittent randomized rewards. the critique it received is ridiculously over blown and not actually discussed. if something is designed in an ecosystem, that thing is part of the game.
i think the world has always been a violent place, its just in human nature. modern communication has brought the acts to forefronts for ratings. i welcome anything that would change my view on this, or support this.
as long as your point is understood by others I don't see why it needs to be perfect. language at its core is merely meant to convey your thoughts. if you see a comment that has broken one, please report it.
sympathy pity is just a way to elevate one's ego. it's the worst kind of self exaltation and moral high horsery. physical and especially emotional pain avoidance is what dominates immature psyches.
a fetus is alive from conception, but does not represent a human life until the 6 week mark. there's a lot of debate between pro abortion and anti abortion people. i'd like to make the case that life begins when it's heartbeat starts.
i understand concerns that when a computer decides the districts the computer programmer decides elections. however this seems like a foolish reason not to try to find a rational, objective, and most importantly transparent method to decide districts in the fairest possible way.
this is over 14 times what we would expect given the assumption that gay or bisexual men rape as often as heterosexual men, says david mckenzie. this has little bearing on my feelings about how gays should be treated whether you've had bad luck pre or post natal doesn't change my sympathy, he says. mchenzie: if you're a pedophile, you shouldn't be punished with death. if it's a crime, you should be
downvotes don't change views. if you are thinking of submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.
scientists who have studied the earth say it is much older than 6,000 years old. but most people who subscribe to this belief cannot prove it. instead we should be modest about or beliefs in try as best we can to understand why our belief is right.
i see nothing wrong with this in fact it is a more responsible reward structure for a lot of people. i take issue with that the prize is advertised as the sum of these payments.
admissions decisions should be based solely on merit. there is no educational benefit from attending a university with students of certain racial or ethnic groups.
the subject itself doesn't have to be interesting in a vacuum to be the focal point of a good movie. i thought the martian was a million times better than Spotlight. I'm baffled that i seem to be one of the rare few that feels this way.
eric liu: it's not inherently wrong to value health, ability, and beauty. there's the idea that society valuing health is prejudicial against people who are overweight or obese. he says like it or not, obesity has many health risks associated with it. the only way to prevent my “able privilege” would be to reduce everyone to the lowest common ability.
this is a totally childish act, this is in many ways a form of virtue signalling for gamers. the whole point of a review is to communicate your experience with the product. this is literally abuse of the review system.
i wish everybody would stop crying about death and start celebrating it that they dont have to suffer anymore. the arguments against suicide is incoherent at best. it doesnt matter if it hurts somebody else, its not your choice it theirs.
Usually racist viewpoints include a target race, but in this one, the target race are all other races. the race that has the highest rate of this viewpoint is the most racist of all. i'm still happy to continue the series, but i don't think it's racist enough.
socialist feminism believes that men have a higher capacity to work and are therefore at an advantage in a capitalist society. the only way women can achieve equal pay is through socialist change in legislation. this is based on averages, not individuals, but the general trend across the board is that on average a male worker is more productive.
lz granderson: i don't disagree with the use of the word in historical context. but he says it has a long history of hatred and use to disparage and put down black people. granderson says the word has been used to slander black people for centuries. he thinks it should be taken away from the people it was originally intended for.
i've been thinking about the difference between humans and animals. the only 'right' we have to consume or subjugate other creatures is because we can, or because they are somehow fundamentally different than us.
life's not fair is an infuriating, inaccurately applied platitude used to enforce untoward authority over the child. it may be implicitly or explicitly founded on a belief that the child will not mature unless s he learns to accept that unfair things will happen in this life. but the vast majority of the time this is not a wise, tough love exercise in the necessary coexistence of justice with injustice.
sex is your biological predisposition, based on your chromosomes, reproductive organs, and your general body structure and features. gt transsexuals are people who are physically changing sexes, but as i established, that shouldn't matter. conservatives might say there can't be an infinite number of genders because we need to be able to classify people somehow.
the university of california is the best public or even overall university system in the US and in the entire world. undergrads can get a world class education at any of the UC campuses. if you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.
some girls are naive. that deserves all the help that the victim gets. some would-be boyfriends are complete assholes that do not deserve to date this specific girl. guys and girls should be dating because at least there's a principle.
gt i believe that women and men have the same right to be in the military, but I believe that they should be separated. i once talked to an army veteran who said that romantic relationships interfered with their ability to focus and and fight.
it seems like they're just obfuscating the count for the sake of doing it. i don't see a scenario where the system is any less vulnerable to spam bots etc by having a score of 23 21.
i feel like humanity has if you'll excuse the term, left nature FUBAR. it feels like the only way for the natural world to recover is if humanity were to go extinct itself. the dominant systems around the world are built on the exploitation of nature.
what would the utility of the firearm be in large cities? i don’t agree with advertising public areas are gun free zones. animals that can threaten your crops, your family’s life, and your livelihood.
cultural appropriation is not wrong but neither is trying to stop others from doing it. the real apple is not seeing money out of this, nor are they selling these products because they are about technology. if you believe that a company has the right to do this, then you should also believe cultural aptation is wrong.
i'm personally agnostic, but the Christian notion that god created the universe, to me, would come attached with a serious moral failing. i would love to have them challenged and argued against. these are my guiding intuitions when it comes to religion.
democratic politicians have no such leeway, theoretically, because they are not supposed to have any. there is a built in totalitarian streak in the democratic politician's mentality, says daniel scott. democratic politicians are supposed to be of the people, by the people and for the people. the people are a nonexistent entity, abstract and devoid of any constant empirical content.
in my ideal world, people who get caught selling or in possession of any controlled substance should not go to a jail where they are influenced by much more dangerous people. downvotes don't change views, so if you are thinking of submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. addiction is crippling, and I believe that people should be evaluated by health professionals.
the only thing i disagree with him on, economically speaking, is lowering our defense budget. everywhere i go i hear about how racist Donald is in his rhetoric and action. if a religion were manipulated to threaten harm upon my country i would oppose it.
i personally believe the word is not inherently as gross or disgusting as people make it out to be. it is more effective to report a comment that has broken one than downvote it.
pi measures a full turn, which i think makes angle measurements far more intuitive. a common argument for pi is that the diameter of a circle is easier to measure than the circumference. pi 2 is a quarter turn.
having a dog can prepare you in some ways for a child. you learn communication with your SO and also how to express thoughts on how it should be. i think the parents that laugh at this idea are full of themselves since they can easily see in hindsight.
john avlon: we should be doing it for the right reasons, not generalize here. he says a lot of this focus on income inequality is just naked envy. it's beginning to grate on me that people on the left don't get it, he writes.
police as a whole must be held to a much higher standard than average citizens, says edward mccaffery. this is the only way to protect citizens from abuse of power, he says. he argues that a minority of officers abuse their power and get away with it. most are just good men and women trying to do a hard job.
i feel like there should be some sort of real, legitimate action taken to prevent something like this from happening again. government should also attempt to keep all of its citizens as equal as possible. i'm not talking about forced equality like communism but at the very least I feel like something done to allow everyone the same opportunities.
personally i find it hard to decide if either one is right or wrong and i don't see it as a black and white issue at all. i'm torn between both sides because i feel both are justified in what they're doing to a point. all of these people's perceptions on the issue lead me to think that they are blindly following their faith or their limited percpecton of the issue.
i would much rather choose life over limb. this is just dumb. i'm all for doing these things assuming you have the time to do them. closing the blinds doesn't really make any sense to me.
i don't think the undemocratic nature of the hoL is a serious threat to the democratic integrity of the UK. i believe that the HoL provides a useful counterbalance to the house of commons. but i'm not saying the hol should not be reformed in some way.
overall, i don’t think it’s likely at all that nazis will ever come to power and take over america in the next hundred years. the chances of it actually being an issue are laughably low.
the best possible solution would be for a nuclear war that allows us to go back to the middle ages technology wise and start from scratch. downvotes don't change views, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
i don't understand where the issue is with a future with no disabilities or genetic diseases. if no one is getting an unfair advantage, what other issue might there be with them?
nothing is objectively right. the things we say are right are the things championed by the people who say they are right. nothing is right unless it is backed up by facts and evidence.
republicans are right to worry about the deficit and that the government should attempt to lower it's GDP to debt ratio. there is a good argument for lowering the corporate tax rate, as it is an easy tax to legally avoid by simply moving a corporation out of the u.s. tax bracket. i see almost no economic disadvantage to raising taxes on the wealthy.
abortion is murder if someone else kills a fetus, but not if a woman gets an abortion. the main reason i've seen for why it is okay to kill the fetal is that it isn't a living being yet. killing a baby is a terrible deed, and I acknowledge that it should be punished.
twitch is once again showing how immature their policies are regarding how they handle dealing with a big streamer they have banned ice poseidon. this actually bothers me quite a bit. if you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it.
downvotes don't change views, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first. is there really a lack of evidence with which to dismiss them or are proponents of the mainstream just doing a bad job responding?
flag represents that we are free. if you do not think you are free, go talk to the men and women that fight for our freedom everyday.
there is a bit of social stigma attached to being adopted. i still think of adopting a kid from a difference race and country as you as unethical. adopting an orphan is nice, but it's not the same as being an adoptee.
i think we all come with an ingrained and learned tribal herd morality that persists because it makes us more likely to thrive. i don't think there's something objectively wrong with anything we find.
to me, criticisms of political correctness often function as a way of avoiding conversations about social injustice. i'd like to be persuaded that i should be equally or more concerned about the kinds of issues that motivate people who get called politically correct.
the current prison system is far too soft on these people, says john sutter. he says an effective use of breaking the individual completely would work better. turning him into mush to be molded back into a functional member of society would be better, he writes.
to me, they are morally comparable situations that make one more susceptible to being raped. i don't think that they should be punished for it, but I still think they are at fault. victim blaming is a form of victim shaming that has been around for a long time.
liberalism as defined here has a tendency to invert itself into a form of authoritarianism. i support the legalization of marijuana, but i think the liberals have it all wrong. liberalism is a political philosophy that endorses increasing freedom, equality, and opportunity for citizens.
it's not about believing what you are told, its about thinking critically however i can't think of any case where an organized religion encourages free thinking and looking for evidence. if children were never taught about religion until the age of 18, that religion would be far less popular.
i don't understand how anyone could like beer. i feel like it's a social stigma to not like beer and people are peer pressured subconsciously and not so subconsciously to make themselves think they like it.
downvotes don't change views. if you are thinking of submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
i still feel if i had enough money to donate i should give it to help other humans who can benefit society more than a dog or cat can. i think money can be spent on trying to help poor people through welfare or helping recovering addicts or abuse victims. for the charities i am talking about in particular are more like animal shelters and the ASPCA.
what i don't understand is how people think it's good or overlook that he also revealed how we monitor germany, china, etc. i always hear praise for snowden for telling us how our own government watches us and everything.
mass producing factory farms are bad, says john sutter. he believes that hunting animals and smaller farming should be the norm. capitalism has aided in creating a way to efficiently produce more meat for profit, he says.
this includes a focus on agrarian focused economic policies think the Jefferson vs Hamilton debates. the united states is a prosperous, advanced nation despite containing backwards southern states. Throughout american history, the south has been a drag on social, political and economic policies.
medical marijuana should be legal, but it should be significantly more regulated and not for recreational use. drugs are not always the answer. if you require drugs to enjoy yourself in social situations then you have issues that should be sorted out with a psychiatrist.
to think that because i saw something one month ago that nobody is allowed to enjoy it today is astonishingly arrogant. the reason a post makes it to the front page is because people vote it there. i see the very same post a month or two ago, and i don't freak out.
i feel that it is far better to have switches for the room located inside of the room than outside. gt This is a footnote from the CMV moderators.
if you are thinking of submitting a form, please have a look through our popular topics wiki. downvotes don't change views - they just downvote views.
there is little to no evidence that they are a native american tribe at all. i would like to see any evidence that a single indigenous language was spoken by all lumbee at some point. there is no basis for them to be properly considered a tribe eligible for federal aid.
i feel like because its female driven and because its about women's empowerment that's why people praise it but all in all it's really not that good a show. most Netflix original shows with a few exceptions are really dry and melodramatic. i don't know what it is about this show that makes me want to watch it again.
i want to believe that love is on firmer ground than it really is. i believe it can be very beneficial to someone who is prepared for it. it's an important part of our lives and we fail young people by not preparing them.
i'm not even pro life but the intellectual dishonesty in this scare piece seems like a clear cut case of libel to me. downvotes don't change views. Probably true statements are not excluded, nor are political opinions unless explicitly stated as such.
my view of things is that people care too much. freedom gives us that choice. goal driven behavior drives positive action. i don't want to be a slave to compulsion to be free from attachments.
our education system, in it's current form, is quite redundant, and carries a high level of unnecessary expenses. if education was fully privatized, it would have happened already. public tutoring centers would still be available to help students that need help understanding or grasping certain concepts.
there needs to be a fine line of dress code in the work place if there wants to be equality for all employees. women are wearing make up on their chest to make things look bigger or more attractive. make up is used to only to LOOK morr attractive than another coworker.
roland martin says the moderators on cnbc were biased and out of line. he says republicans didn't have a proper answer to some substantial questions. marthin: democrats are more electable than republicans, but i don't care.
restriction on UNSONG should have minimal impact on profits and on name discovery. i think this specific restriction on unsong should have a minimal impact. this restriction should save numerous thousands of dollars in fines.
this view was not in any way meant to comment on how people should receive donations gifts. make it a rule that unless sacrifice of some sort factors into your gift, you are not being generous. downvotes don't change views, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.
gt Firstly, please read through our rules If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. if you disagree with a moderator's point of view, you can report it by clicking on the'report' link in the comment.
if the atom has a number of outcomes, and it chooses one at random, this is no different than pre determinism. as chemistry is, in a way, just quantum physics, it is pre determined. our actions are predictable, and so we are no more than machines.
religion may not be accurate in its preaching of god's existence because the worship and belief involved are limited to our mind's understanding. if he is a superpower who is above us, his divinity would require much more complex avenues of display which would be beyond us. understanding him completely and wholly would require us to be on his wavelength which is impossible if we are at his mercy.
as tragic and awful an event as it was, i am of the opinion that with more unrestricted access to firearms there could have been a significantly higher number of casualties. i don't intend to come across as compelling everyone to think of the children, it was a case of explaining and contextualising my opinion.
i believe that it benefits me to be this way, and should not be interpreted as a negative quality. being an immigrant further solidifies my belief that being an opportunist is a good thing. the label was meant to express the notion that I was willing to pursue circumstances that were beneficial to me.
i support animal rights and am fully aware of the health benefits of going vegan. but i haven't been able to move past this one yet. please read through our rules if you see a comment that has broken one.
i believe this is what creates progress and makes living worthwhile. i'd like to know if you think there are cases where quantity matters more except cases where you have a lot of people needing some limited resource. when one is producing work, one should always go for quality rather than quantity.
the point is reducing harm as much as possible, not addiction per se. addiction does not need to cost society more than the costs of such therapy. please read through our rules If you see a comment that has broken one, report it.
i think women do, but it doesn't matter each individual issue should be fought against and corrected by all sane, ethical people. to say that women have a lot more problems so men's issues aren't important is like saying that discrimination against blacks is the worst racism in the us. the problem i have with MRA and MRActivists I've encountered is that they seem to focus far less on actually solving problems.
i can sort of understand the argument that we should get to know each other, that way there will be fewer wars bad blood between us. downvotes don't change views If you are thinking of submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki.
the question of child support made me think of this. i understand that the others shouldn't be held responsible. but it isn't immediately obvious that the person who is the biological father should. sometimes i recognise it is the only possible way to do things.
i am only not convinced that a medical background check is reasonable. i do think that judges can and should take away you right to own a gun. downvotes don't change views.
mindfulness contains two aspects a non judgmental accepting perspective, and a focus on the present moment. downvotes don't change views If you are thinking of submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our popular topics wiki first.
anti pouching initiative is hypocrisy in itself. it does not make the existence of mankind better. how are poachers more morally and ecologically irresponsible than the rest of us?
volunteer work is great for people who are looking for careers and looking to beef up their resume. volunteerism, however great in theory, is completely wrong and should be illegal. the idea of volunteering is to provide work and not ask anything in return.
i do understand that this is obviously more of a western civilisation process or at least occurring in developed countries only. this adequately sums up my view in the sense that i think it is correct. i believe we do expect less from each other as we expect more from one another.
in order to placate social media, publishers will lean heavily on their authors to accept sensitivity reads. as far as i can tell, a sensitivity reader is a literary editor who flags controversial content. i suppose these are questions of whether sensitivity readers are able to suss out authorial intent.
i think they should be taken seriously, but they should not get media attention until a case is actually made. i don't care what percentage of them are true, innocent till proven guilty is a thing.
